Ready to Consolidate: How Would You Simplify This Portfolio? On a monthly basis I I’ve been buying and holding a wide range of stocks, ETFs, and some crypto, but at this point my portfolio feels scattered and overly complicated. I’m interested in consolidating or simplifying my holdings and would appreciate any recommendations or tips from those who have gone through this process. How did you approach streamlining your portfolio? What did you focus on keeping or letting go? Any pitfalls to avoid? I know my crypto position is high but I stopped my monthly contributions until I’m at about 5%. Stocks – 55.77%: - TSM, META, NVDA, AMZN, AMD, GOOGL, AAPL, SOFI, PLTR, UNH, CRSP, O ETFs – 24.41%: - QQQ, SCHD, VTI, ESPO, NUKZ, BND, TAN, DRIV, JEPI, QTUM, SPMO Crypto – 19.82%: - BTC, ETH, XRP

Get out of crypto gambling and put that money into real investments

Just buy more auto of what you want. Don’t sell. VOO or QQQM. Same thing for crypto. FBTC FETH, in a Roth is chef’s kiss. Set to auto. work to increase the auto. Sell only when you have something urgent to pay for. Talk yourself out of smart rationalizations to sell for other reasons: consolidate, hedge,simplify… all just excuses for selling when you don’t have an urgent use of the money. Best of luck.

If you really want to simplify: sell the individual stocks and all the thematic ETFs, and just put that money into VTI. A simple VTI + BND + Crypto portfolio would be dramatically easier to manage.

- stock down to 15% max - play as much as you want on it - funds/ETF 80% - 2-5 funds max - make their holdings are mutually exclusive or as separate as possible - diversify it global and across asset class - crypto - no opinion on it. Approach to take - your holdings has to legit diversification. Buying SP500 and NASDAQ etf is not a real diversification. - lower number of holdings gives you a real chance of monitoring and analysis - biggest pitiful to overcome: monitoring is not watching daily but monthly or even quarterly.

I would just write things out into categories. Not just stocks/ETFs/crypto. I would categorize them by sector. Tech, consumer staples, consumer cyclical, utilities, finance.... Yadda yadda. Then I would label that by percentage. I don't know all the ETFs you're holding, but I'm guessing that's where a lot of the scattered overlap is. So spend some time looking at the specific holdings those ETFs have. For example, QQQ ang VTI both are weighted ETFs and therefore the MAG7 make up the lions share of those ETFs also. So yeah if you focus on overlap in sectors, that's one way to pin down how you feel your investments are scattered. Obviously you're pretty heavily invested in tech, without a lot of defensive protection in classically defensive strategies. That's a personal choice, many would say it's a bad one, but if you're ok with being heavily exposed to the risk of primarily tech investments, then that's your risk tolerance and that's ok. Personally what I would do if you still have conviction in specific stocks and ETFs after you've broken down your investments by sector, then what I would do is this: sell the stocks or ETFs I no longer have conviction in. Then look at the sector % again. Then I would simply invest more into the broadest most diversified ETF out there. You already hold VTI, so buy more of that. VT is good also. If you can invest enough into a whole world ETF and increase that allocation to at least 60% then you could consider your investments diversified.... If diversification is your goal.

Keep what you have but put all future contributions into one ETF, I’d choose VOO

Nice. Feel like this looks like my portfolio minus the exposure to foreign stocks. (I think. I'm not looking up all the ETFs.) Based on what you have here, not based on what I have or would recommend, I would suggest the best way to simplify is: 60% QQQ 20% ARKK 20% BTC, ETH, SUI (Forget XRP. It does have use case and partnerships but all those if for their payment rails which does not create scarcity in the tokens and raise the price. That does not mean it won't do well. SHIB can do well. Any crypto can do well. But why not have 2 chances for it to appreciate in value ie use and sentiment as opposed to just sentiment?) Personally I would take 10% from QQQ and 10% from ARKK and put it in a foreign ETF like IEMG. Good luck!

Stocks: I would sell UNH and CRSP. The rest are excellent. Be ready to buy more of them on dips. ETFs: You have too many. Focus on QQQ and VOO. Fine to add JEPQ and JEPI if you want monthly income from covered call ETFs. Crypto: This will be the most volatile portion of your portfolio. I agree not to contribute more. Let it ride and trim a little on price surges. You are in great shape.

Tax decision here.

I listed my investments and my age on chatgpt.com and had a very interesting feedback to my question what I should change, what it would be if I had changed to suggestions a year or two ago and I also questioned the suggestion based on low risk versus high risk tolerance. I was a bit overweight on higher risk and the software was concerned about me.

Where would you go after you have a simple fund strategy on autopilot? The last few months I got myself on track with a boring 2-3 fund strategy. It’s autopilot at this point which is great but I really enjoy learning investing/finance. A bit bored now since there isn’t anything to do when it’s all automated. It feels like individual stocks, day trading, crypto (5% of portfolio), sector heavy funds, speculative, or angel investing is about it. Are those the options? Is there more? What would you do to invest further or stay engaged?

Start a brokerage account and put an amount of money in there you can afford to lose. Have fun 😁

You can start by taking small, targeted positions in individual stocks or sector ETFs that catch your interest. This approach lets you explore new ideas and potentially benefit from outsized gains, while your main portfolio continues to operate as your stable foundation.

To invest further? Easy: increase your automated monthly amount. To pursue investing as a hobby? Give yourself a budget just like any other hobby, and go have fun with that _and only that_.

Go play outside, you’ll lose less money than trying to chase individual stocks

I would look into stocks. A couple tickers I like: COST PGR MA

Has anyone had success with classes on Udemy app? I was looking into one of those investment classes on that Udemy app, mostly crypto. There’s a lot of different courses and I was just wondering if anyone here has tried one of those or if they are legit? I am not great at trying to teach myself but I wanted to get started and thought a group here of million members would be able to help.

[investor.gov]( is free. This subreddit's wiki is free. There are plenty of resources to learn about investing that are free, provided that you're not looking for someone to teach you some mystical "secrets of investing".

Don't pay for crypto classes, it's all just gamblers gambling on assets with absolutely no underlying value, propped up on nothing but hype. There's nothing anyone can tell you to make an informed decision about when to buy or sell because there's nothing rational about why crypto markets ever move.

If u want to learn about crypto currency then learn about the underlying tech and read up on the history starting with how money works and work up to Satoshi and their way of thinking - anything else is mostly charlatans unlike stocks there really is not much underlying intrinsic value to learn about.

only when the classes go on sale for $12.

I would recommend watching documentary's or read books on bitcoin, please do not pay for crypto classes, and above all not on trading classes teaching technical analysis bullcrap. Read for example 'Broken Money' by Lyn Alden or watch 'Bitcoin: Digital Gold' on Youtube for free.

Udemy in general does have some good courses that are worth the price when they're heavily discounted by a sale (which they always are). However taking a crypto course from any platform is a massive waste of time and money. Either buy BTC or don't, there's no magic to get rich off altcoins.

Considering going overweight cash? Anyone overweight cash here for the short term? Earnings yield is currently 3.32% TTM and 4.38% forward on the S and P (285 seems to be currently next 12 month consensus). Risk free yield is currently 4.2%... Have not seen earnings yield this low aside from a few times in history. Equity risk premium is negative although that did happen from 1996 all the way up through the top of dotcom, so stocks obviously did just fine during that period. Trying to figure out what it is the market is pricing in here with assets up and to the right so violently in general (gold, crypto, etc), I suppose it's just higher for longer inflation. It seems like either earnings need to get a big mark up here in the next 12months here or risk adjusted it would be very difficult for stocks to outperform cash here?

Go for it. It's a free country. Nothing like freedom bux. Usa Usa Usa But I can give you a handful of reasons why it wouldn't be the worst idea, but it get's pretty long winded. Mostly because of Fed policy and where we are in the interest rate cutting cycle. As interest rates go down, the opportunity cost for holding cash over Treasurys goes to 0, so investors could shift to cash, and prices could go down in a bid for Dollars alongside interest rates. People think interest rates going down is good, but really it is a response to Economic deterioration. They do it to spur lending, however, no one will lend to someone without an income, so it doesn't do much. I am trading this balls deep in TLT (\~4k shares), on the premise rates, including the long end, are going back to near zero. It has been a long, painful trade lmao. The long end could very well just keep going up unfortunately, and things could just keep getting crazier and crazier. The market can in fact stay irrational longer than I could stay solvent, hopefully, you do better. I need bank runs months ago.

In my retirement accounts, I haven’t made any changes, but in my trading account I am now 1/3 in cash and may go up to 1/2. Things seem ripe for a pullback, so I want some dry powder.

That's not how I use cash. I keep out whatever I need to sleep well, possible expenses without having to time the market to raise cash, new car, roof or whatever. After that I keep it in the market. I don't get caught up in the CPI numbers or the Core CPI numbers. That's selective price increases. The real number is about 7% and getting 4% or less in a money market isn't great. It's doable if you need that cash but you aren't really beating inflation if you are thinking in terms of maintaining your purchasing power. The dollar is being debased and it's about 7% a year.

I'm afraid of USD right now, but also wanted a larger cash position, so I did ISHG

I think more right tail risk right now than left tail, meaning cash can work but stocks/metals probably a better bet. Negative real interest rates are coming, so cash would only work short term.

I am 15% cash all the time .... these rest stays in the market. Always keep enough cash for a few years of basic expenses. I add about 90% of my income straight into the market as well, so it's always growing.

Being all cash in USD is hazardous imo. Not sure if explicitly stated, but Trump has been following Stephen Miran’s guide to devalue the USD. My guess is he believes devaluing the USD has more benefits (such as cheaper exports) than disadvantages. Trump is eroding Fed independence which will devalue the USD. Fiscal policy with the OBBBA will further add trillions to the national debt. With the decrease in confidence in the USD, central banks are diversifying into other things like gold, CHF, JPY.

I sold all my leveraged etfs last week so i'm overweight cash right now. Since i'm not sure whether this is a bull market correction like in 1998 or the start of a bear market like in 2007, plan is to dca $500 everyday into my minor etf gde (s&p + gold) until there's clarity to either add to or decrease my core etfs spmo & idmo.

30% cash rn.

Buy gold and silver instead. They preserve your buying power much better than cash. The usd is in decline & inflation is robbing you. Real money aka gold is how you preserve your buying power against all the mess we’re in.

I’m roughly 60% in US equities, 20% ex-US, 10% bonds and 10% cash. I’d like to increase my cash to 20% at the expense of US equities because shits shaky right now

I'm mostly cash right now. Even in 401k and the retirement iras I don't see the value in being exposed to indexes here at ATH I like some defensive plays like metals and pfieEr I think if there is a correlation I'd like to be able to participate and if not I'm just taking the 4% in money markets for now.

Here's an idea I've done and believe it has done well as I timed it well in 2022/3. Took a 401k loan about 3 weeks peaks before the peak. Dollar cost averaged the loan repayments until about 1 month after the floor and paid it off.

Yes, moved to a lot of cash positions in my Roth this year because I'm retiring and my Roth is the smaller account I can use to reinvest if/when I have more faith in the government, and if things go sideways and my 3 years of savings gets used up more quickly than anticipated, I can use some of the Roth tax free. All of my retirement accounts (taxable) I moved to lower risk portfolios over the past year to weather any storms and last a longer time. Granted, this is a more conservative route than I'd hoped due to the current administration's ineptitude, but still within my planned-for scenarios. I'm set up to afford several years of the start of my retirement without worrying about what the market does, which is what I wanted: peace of mind. If I still had 10+ years before retiring, I'd leave everything in. Make a plan, stick to it.

I’m aware. And I put some of it back in. But you speak as if you called that bottom and put all your chips back in??

I'm 30% short-term treasuries and building as long as the risk-free rate is this high and the earnings yield on stocks is this low.

Thing is you have to be right twice….going cash and going market. You will never get it right twice.

I've been overweight 6 weeks. I went long in April, sold 2 months ago and then started putting shorts in. The current PE is untenable but I'm also happy to sit and wait short.

Yes I’m overweight cash at the moment. I’m convinced we’ve gone too far too fast - and it always seems like the deals show up when I’m fully invested.

I have 5% money market (i.e., cash), 5% SHY (i.e., almost cash), and 5% in a few trades that I could sell soonish so considering all that I'm around 10% - 15% cash. I have been positioning for correction and rotation. We have seen that to some extent over the last 2 weeks as SPX has been outperforming NDX.

Inherit $500K: Do You Buy a Rental, Invest More in Stocks, or Do Something Else? What’s the smartest way to build long-term wealth with a $500K inheritance? Scenario: You already have a sizeable super, some crypto, and a decent share portfolio. You don’t need a primary residence, and you’re not chasing quick returns. You’re only focused on building cashflow and serious sustainable wealth. Do you: A. Buy an investment property for rental income and long-term growth? B. Add more to the stock market for passive compounding and liquidity? OR C. Something far less conventional? E.g., starting a business, invest private equity, buy real estate in Norway What would you do?

FYI a rental is NOT passive income.

Don't get a rental. Just buy stocks or ETFs

Put it all into VOO, don't touch it and continue living a normal life.

500k in voo 10 years ago is 1.95 million today. Never have to lift a finger. So if it were me, that's what I would do. That's more than enough for me to retire well if we see another 10 years of those returns. Famous last words.

Anyone with an inheritance that size who thinks asking Reddit is a good first step should put it in a CD and start reading some books.

if you already have a primary residence, I would avoid real estate. not liquid, lots of capital, maintenance, dealing w tenants, lots of potential liability. stocks would be easiest and liquid. if you’re good at business that can be good too, but requires time and effort and might take a while to become profitable.

Do you like getting phone calls at 1am new years day for a backed up sewer? Do you like spending weekends walking around Home Depot looking for some part that costs $343 and requires 3 hours to install? Do you like being lied to by people you expect to pay you rent?

Stocks. Real estate is too much work.

Yes. First identify your goals. Second, diversify. Do all of the above.

A rental is a job.

Stash it in a couple high yield savings account, figure out what’s best for you and go from there.

I would never want to be a landlord, it seems like a shit job. I already have full time job and I don’t need another. Index funds all day long

As a real estate agent who also owns rentals, buy stocks.

Forget rentals. Push for and glorification of income properties, flipping.. has ruined the housing market. Imo

hookers and beer

Follow the flowchart

Put it in VOO for ten years and come back and ask the same question about what to do with a million dollars.

Definitely not crypto.

Buy Intel shares

Now is a terrible time to start a business or run a rental. I’d reduce risk and pay off debt and put the rest in index funds.

Owned a rental, it's not that great. If you have a good business idea, along with a solid actual plan, that could be an option though. B would be my choice.

VAS, drip. Check back in 10-15 years. Maybe 15-25% into VAP , Australian REIT. It's return is about 25% better than VAS over the past 12 years I've been invested. Real estate is probably more lucrative.. but the time factor isn't worth it, there's better things to spend time on in life. Typically you don't have retirees managing (well), it's not fun, better left to those who started the game late and are desperate to catch up, get ahead.

Buy a bitcoin throw the rest in SPY and QQQ

Have you ever thought about getting a loan? For a car or house. People who take out a loan never remember the money they got. They only run numbers and keep in month the monthly payments they need to make. Think of your $500K the opposite way. It’s not $500K. In tbills yielding 4,3% (haven’t checked lately might be different), that’s $1800 bucks per month more. That’s how you think about this. As for what to invest in - does $1800 per month change your life? If you’re indifferent, perhaps it’s best off to just invest this money for retirement? If it does change your month to month, then just remember to think about taxes, costs, time (rentals require tenants moving and out! Things break!), opportunity cost, and inflation. It’s like when people hit retirement age and start using their saved up money, but they can’t withdraw all of it at once because otherwise the inflation will kill them. Well your situation is like that but for the rest of your life if you choose the cash flows. Also obligatory don’t tell anybody except your SO only if you’re already married or you’ll have a ton of people asking you for money.

No one really just starts a business like that. It would most likely fail.

The words "Rental property" cover a lot of ground. Do you want something you're going to be involved in managing? The thing about real estate is that you can make fantastic amounts of money and you can also lose your shirt. A rental property can be a nice steady little extra check while the underlying asset appreciates, or it can be a full-on second job which manages to demand a ton of your time at the worst possible moments while the property's value fails to keep up with inflation. So much depends on getting the right property and the right tenants and I suspect most people are a little over-optimistic about how much of that they can control. I would be very wary of investing in PE. I know there are so new ways to do that cropping up, but PE has a nice long history of walking away with a ton of cash while their partners walk away with very little. Starting a business? Do you have a great idea for a business? Yes, there's a path to huge wealth there, but I think that tends to come more from "I have a great idea for a business, let me find money to make it happen," rather than "I have a ton of money, let me figure out what business to start." Really, the answer to your question depends on your risk tolerance and your timeline. You say you want to build wealth, but ... at what point do you want to be able to spend it? In ten years? In fifty? The simplest hands-off approach would likely be building out your stock portfolio with ETFs. This feels like an uncertain time for stocks, however, so there are no easy answers.

I would invest for a balance between growth and dividend annual growth. Then reinvest the dividends as long as you can. Don't touch it for decades.

Step 1: be humble and recognize the massive privilege you have in life to receive that amount of money in an inheritance. Vast majority of folks in this world would never EVER receive anything remotely close to that amount, let alone anything at all, so be humble and recognize the massive privilege this gift entails. Dont brag about it or try and lecture others on how to be successful in life. Just live your life quietly and happily.

I’m an equity investor though recently I’ve been putting into equities with real assets. US natural gas pipeline company ETF named AMLP. It pays an 8% yield. Considering the increased U.S. energy needs for AI, I think it’s a winner. UTG is an ETF of utilities, pays just over 6%. That’s 7% combined obviously. You put 250K at 7%, that’s 17,500 a year. That’s almost 1500 a month. No insurance, repairs, yard work or other hassles. That’s just me though. I’m not sure what housing is like in Norway.

I’d put it all in the s&p 500 and then once it got to 2 million I’d start taking out 4% a year and retire

All of y'all commenting real estate isn't passive don't realize you can get property management for a single property for like $100/month. Edit: I think I actually pay $125 or $150 but.... Whatever it is it's so worth it.

How many more terms can you throw in there? Lol. Just put the money in the market. Keep it easy.

Just buy the dip

Focus on building a diverse portfolio of ETFs and quality stocks. With $500K, this approach offers solid long-term growth and compounding, and, if managed well, could generate enough passive income to eventually live off of. If unsure where to start or want a strategy tailored to your goals, consider working with a financial advisor to set you up for success.

I think being a landlord is the lowest form of trying to make money

YOLO the lot into $OPEN

i think everyone is missing the obvious choice, go to a casino and put it on red

Def not a rental. You don’t know enough to run a rental property lol. Being a landlord is so much more work than people think. It’s almost not passive income.

I personally would put most of it in a brokerage account and buy a few solid ETFs for the long hold, maybe speculate or play options with a small percentage.

Invest more in stocks

You can buy a rental unit in a desirable area, aiming for up to 25% in up front costs out of your overall post tax portfolio. In other words buy a unit and invest the rest in equities.

Dump all but 20k into VTI/VOO/QQQ and don't touch it. Take 15k and pay off any debt. Take 5k and take a vacation.

Rental isn't passive. If you did a rental, keep in mind how much of your net worth you're locking up in a single asset. It's not something you can buy and sell on a whim. Keep in mind how much costs are involved. The cash outflows like Interest on mortgage, principal on mortgage, if it's a condo then condo fees and property management fees, maintenance expenses, property taxes, and income taxes, and insurance costs. And of course, closing costs on buying and selling. I'm not sure what the real estate market is like in Norway... But that's something you got to look at. Does it appreciate in value much? If it were *me* and I know I'm not knowledgeable on investing, I'd put it in an index fund tracking. The S&P500 and leave it at that. But I'm not in Norway. Edit: oh. And for a rental. The headaches can be worse based on the tenant you can get. If you get a shitty tenant it will add so much stress to your life... I've heard horror stories. Not fun.

Could buy a residential real estate ETF if you were interested in rental income without having to actually do the work and mitigate risk

I’m about to have $350k, here is my plan. ~$100k will go to all the remodeling and upgrades we want to do to our house. We will be here at least 15 years and have 21 years left on a 2.49% mortgage. Take the rest and put it in various other investments. Probably put some in 529s and the rest in my taxable brokerage account in a few individual stocks and a few funds. As for buying a rental… this $350k is coming from me selling my only rental. I bought in 2013 and started renting 2018 to today. Can’t wait to be rid of it and no longer be a landlord. I’ll have made great money on the house though. In my area I doubt the next 10 years will be as lucrative as the previous.

> You’re only focused on building cashflow and serious sustainable wealth. Leverage as much as you can and invest in real estate. The real super power of real estate is the leverage. If you weren't *only* trying to focus on serious, sustainable wealth -- I would say the market. Way easier than trying to start your own business or a rental property, etc. There are some discussions in this threat about how much work a rental property is or is not. You know what is almost no work? A responsible allocation in the markets over a long period of time.

Buy one bitcoin

Lend it to real estate investors as hard money bridge loans. You can get like 12% while they make renovations on a flip or rental property. You can put a lien on the property. Do some due diligence on the investor. Their plan should be to pay you back when they get a traditional mortgage after the project is completed.

Wait for the dip then buy 5 bitcoin

You keep 500k in one bank or multiple?

I'd say do all three with the inheritance. -use portion for downpayment on rental property. Tenants (or if used as short term rental) can cover the mortgage while the asset grows in long term -Invest portion in market with stocks, ETFs. Depending on how you invest, that can also grow and you get dividends which can be reinvested - invest portion in private equity. This will be locked for an extended period but has potential to provide multiple x Also saw your comments on one of the responses about 3x in a three years. That's not possible unless you invest in companies where quarterly reviews are with the owners in Colombia

Don’t buy real estate investments as a newbie now. You need to be able to spot deals and they’re few and far between. The cash flow is mediocre and it’s not hands off.

I like to stay 50/50 between equities and real estate and I’m about 70% equities right now so I’d balance that out by getting another rental. I use a rental management company and haven’t even spoken to a tenant in 5 years.

Probably dump it all into 30 year gilts at 5.6% interest and live off it forever

500k on red

Rental if your willing to put the work into it

Invest more in stocks and/or diversified portfolio

Rental forget about it and stocks will always outperform rentals easily… stocks all the way

Right now is the absolute worst time to buy a rental. The price-to-rent ratio is off the charts bad

Do not buy a rental. I’m counting down the days to my closing so I can just invest my money and have peace.

I vote b. Being a landlord sucks.

100% into VOO. Stocks outperform real estate in the long term.

It sounds like you need some diversification to take volatility out of your net worth while pursuing long-term appreciation. Here is what I would do: $300,000 into an investment property suitable for short-term rental on Airbnb. Mortgage the difference. $100,000 into gold via ETFs, half GLD which is gold futures ETF and half GDX which is gold miners ETF. Gold is an excellent inflation hedge and typically moves in the opposite direction as Bitcoin and NASDAQ 100. $90,000 into these two REITs that are Dividend Aristocrats (raise dividend 25+ consecutive years): $45,000 into Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) and $45,000 into Realty Income Corporation (O). $10,000 into NVIDIA whi h has amazing long-term revenue and earnings growth. This approach gives you inflation hedge, asset diversification, assets the move in different directions from what you have but are still consistent with long-term appreciation.

I would put it all in VTSAX

Buy a rental if you have time to maintenance it. If not, that's just another expense. Dividend stocks are never a bad option, ever.

Real Estate only really works if you get it with equity, have the money to make it modern and if you can get 3 or more very quickly. So maybe I'd take the $500k and do three $10k downpayments on properties and fix them up on a budget. But yeah my understanding with realestate is to buy three at a time and start with one paying the mortgage on the other two. Then keep adding. But starting with one is a failed attempt and too volatile. On the other end a Money Market account returns 4.5% which would provide some income you could out it in stocks that pay dividends. But personally I'd let someone who knows their shit invest it for me.

Do all of them if possible and move to Thailand so that you can live like a king with less money. Then focus on creating an online business in your free time.

invest more in stocks.

If dump half into a couple of my favorite stocks and mutual fund the rest

Why the hell would you want an additional job when your money can earn money with no work?

$150 - Bitcoin $150 - TSLA $50 - NVDA $50 - PLTR $100 - KR

HYSA and buy into the market on pullbacks

33/33/33 voo/schg/schd Reinvest dividends. Check portfolio in 15 years Should have 6 mil

Rolex, Pokemon cards, property.

You invest in 15-20 stocks that pay a decent dividend and have decent growth and you don't touch it outside of emergencies. If you want to take 50k to pay off credit cards and other immediate debt, do that.

Commercial real estate. Deal with businesses, earn more money, higher avg rent time

Buy ULTY. Pays weekly dividends. You’d be getting about $8,800 / week. Or, over $35K / month. Yes you’d be paying taxes like regular income and there is NAV erosion, but since their strategy change in April, it’s been a solid payer.

investing in buy to let property is very secure investment but it's not reliably good growth. if you know that an area is going to become increasingly deisrable then it can greatly appreciate in value, and some can make a lot of money in buy to lets by being wise, and using leverage (but then that's undermining the security of the investment). generally the stock market outperforms property. a rental is the sort of thing that's nice to buy one or two of when you have a few million and you want to diversify into some more tangible assets, and really at that point you might as well pay cash.

if you buy a rental, get a property management company to help.

If you have one big lump sum, I would buy a rental. You can always incrementally add to your stock holdings over time (every two weeks from your paycheck into your 401k, for example), but you can’t as easily buy a small share of a rental property each week. Diversifying into real estate would be a significant investment not correlated with the stock market much at all. It comes with possible downsides (maintenance, taxes, tenants), but a rental management company can assist with many of those. When the stock market is breaking all time highs every week, people can’t seem to look past their recent returns, so you’re seeing a lot of that in the comments here. But I was investing during the dotcom bubble and the 2008 financial crisis, and the exuberance I see lately reminds me of those times. Diversification is key.

B, and it's not even close. Put it all in a broad index fund like VTI and don't touch it for 20 years.

Build a balanced portfolio made up mostly of low cost index funds / etfs, a chuck of bitcoin / gold, and another chuck for a few blue chip individual stocks for companies you have strong conviction will grow and dominate in those space for the next 5-10 years.

Leverage your investment with real estate. Buy three $600K condominiums in vacation areas with an eye towards short-term rentals, Airbnb, VRBO etc. 20% down payment for safety is $120,000 on each, so that's $360,000. I would plan on $30,000 to furnish all three, say Miami, Park City, Utah, and Honolulu (Or Orlando, FL, or Myrtle Beach, SC, or San Diego, you get the idea). Plenty of available condominiums at $600,000 in those areas. Plan on professional property management. That would bring you four season unreasonably high rental income (not market). Honolulu, Hawaii (In-Season) Condos: $405 per night average. $405x 0.75(occupancy)x 90 days (season)= $27K Park City, UT (In-Season) Condos: Average nightly rates typically range from $800 to $900. =$57K per season Miami Short-Term Rental Rates, Condos (In-Season) Around $306 per night. = $20K per season AirROI (2025 data) for all. Of course all 3 will generate some income in the other 275 days a year as well. Park City has Sundance. Honolulu doesn't ever really shut down like say, Cape Cod. Then, with the other $100,000, just put it into a nice, safe ETF like JEPI, JEPQ, or SCHD. All 3 even better. (33%/33%/33%). These will pay dividends even in a downturn. Use some cheeky margin to buy $50,000 in US treasuries to ballast the whole thing and make grandma proud. Now you can sleep soundly. Your capital appreciation on the condominiums should be massive, even considering our current real estate market. The best time to get in was yesterday. The market for ultra-luxury vacations, or people that want to appear like they're taking luxury vacations, is not going anywhere (which is why they get $800/night in Park City). It's all about the Gram. If that didn't bring you a nice safe 20% after expenses and taxes, I'd eat my hat. So $100K/year. Not even counting the real estate capital appreciation. But only live on 85% and reinvest the rest into your ETF portfolio monthly. Initially, you are a little heavy on real estate, vs equities and Treasuries, so adding to your ETFs will have the effect of rebalancing your portfolio. If you could eventually get to 30% real estate, 30% equities, 30% treasuries and 10% cash, you would be SUPER SAFE, even in a systemic, multi-year drawdown. Think of the vacations you could take! (Shoulder seasons only.) You wouldn't be able to call it passive income because of all the surfing and skiing you would be doing! If there's a 1929 style crash, bonus! Refinance all your condos with cash out, rent them out on 12 month leases, pay your tiny mortgage payments and laugh while screwing beach/snow bunnies in one of your hot tubs. Now you have a $2MM portfolio, on paper, if you want to borrow money in the future to scale this up to 800 vacation rental condos or whatever. At that point, start a REIT, become a billionaire.

Honestly? $500K sounds like freedom, until you burn through it chasing the wrng “wealth-building” move and realize it’s gone way faster than you thought. A rntal sounds good on paper, but one roof leak, nightmare tenant, or interest rate spike and suddenly it’s just stress wearing a house costme. Stocks? Sure, but dumping more into what you already hold without a clear exit plan, that’s just blind stcking, not strategy. Before choosing any of the A/B/C optionsm did you actually map out what kind of mnthly cashflow you need to not touch principal, or is this still all kinda based on vibes?

Stock market period , rentals are a complete waste & you will regret it . It’s not what it up to be . Had a few in the past & thank Christ I sold them all & invested it all in the market . Made an absolute killing , with no bitching , repairs , place shitkicked , replacements of everything . My advice , don’t do it , All in the markets ETF, dividend, learn & you will never go back to Real estate ever

Passive total market index funds and chill.

I personally would stock market that stack of cheddar. I can't get over buying a house that someone else could potentially afford and make them pay my mortgage.

Start flipping cars with $200k, then I put $100000 together for a life insurance policy for my kids, then $169420 I put into an investment account. Oh and the $31580 or thee Remnant will be used periodically for things not available on the “web”… (Thanks for edit Reddit! I put cats instead of cars….lmao

I have owned rentals for years, use a property manager, basically hands free, and the property appreciates over time. The monthly money I make off the rentals go to investment funds that grow to buy more properties.

D: Go travelling for 1 year. Live life to the fullest without wasting money.

Me: I want to become a landlord. State: Yes, real estate is an awesome investment idea, plus, less risk for me to house low life scum. Renting out = possible charity for the state

Started thinking it would be nice to buy a golf course but it looks like it’s too pricy here in sunny California.

Nvidia Now vs Apple in 2010-2019 Apple used to at the top of marketplace recommendations for years. The run that Apple had between 2010 and 2019 was very strong. It established them as an incumbent within after the release of arguably the most mature of the early iPhones. Apple experiential growth for years. What I do not understand is if Nvidia is just a hype machine that will die down. I understand AI powers, and other services and tools such as bitcoin mining. And it seems to me that Nvidia is a business to business offering, and not a business to consumer offering. Nvidia is primarily providing hardware and limited software solutions with the expectation people will build on their platforms. I don’t foresee businesses continuing to make this investment every three or four years the way consumers did the iPhone. Although Nvidia is strong now doesn’t have a capacity to remain strong? It seems to me that they are selling the shovel and you can only sell so many of those.

May I suggest you ask an AI chatbot and do some basic research before writing a wall of incoherent text?

>And it seems to me that Nvidia is a business to business offering, and not a business to consumer offering Are you serious? Nvidia literally sells GPUs to gamers and offers cloud gaming services. [ [ I have been using Nvidia GPUs since GeForce 3 in my family PC in 2003. Had the GeForce 8600 GT-M on my college laptop to play Crysis.

Are we still a free market when the executive office manipulates the stock market and buys a crypto treasury firm? This apparent pump and dump spotted by Peter Schiff occurred the same week Trump announced aggressive tariffs on Canada, which tanked the market hard last March. "Comments over the weekend from Trump that indicate his administration has a high tolerance for short-term economic disruptions and market volatility added to investor concerns. In an interview with Fox Business, Trump didn't dismiss the possibility of a recession, saying that there will be a "period of transition". When asked about the market's negative response to tariffs, he said: “What I have to do is build a strong country. You can’t really watch the stock market." I remember him making similar threats to China during his first term and the stock market responded every time. It became apparent this was on purpose. Shrewd, sure. But, is this healthy for us? What about another leader down the line? Everything we let him get away with can and will be turned around with the next administration. Shortly after Trump got elected, he started a meme coin. This business arrangement is gaining momentum and expanding right now. "Trump Media & Technology Group (DJT.O), opens new tab and Crypto.com on Tuesday agreed to a deal with a blank-check acquisition company to launch a new venture that will pursue a treasury-style strategy to accumulate the cryptocurrency platform's native token CRO, deepening the ties of U.S. President Donald Trump to the industry."

We live in a Corporatist economy, not a capitalist one. The corporations in power will do anything to make us not realize this.

It is not a free market, if it has ever been. It is not a free market when corporations, Wall Street, and hedge funds get bailed out. Not to mention corporate subsidies. Why are we giving billions of dollars to the richest man in the world to play with his rockets and then they tell us we don't have the money to provide the bare minimum to the people? Just tired of all of it.

We haven't had a free market in decades, if ever. That being said, this is what *Fascism* looks like. A small federal government with consolidated power using it to bend big business to their political will. Especially to take bribes in exchange for being exempt from terrible domestic economic policies.

There never was a "free" market. It's just obvious now

The US economy has never been entirely free of government intervention or planning, certainly not since 1900. A truly "free market" economy with no government intervention is more or less a myth. The government has been an active participant in shaping market activity since the very earliest days of capitalism.

"I hate Communism! Except when I do it"

When was there ever a free market?

What about when he withholds grants for a company to get said company to issue THE US GOVERNMENT new shares in exchange for what was originally grant money? THESE ARE PEOPLE THAT CONSTANTLY COMPLAIN ABOUT COMMUNISTS!!

Lol we just saw our first presidential shit coin rug pull

If you have to ask…

Thank you what the fuck is wrong with the media that they can’t report this? Everyone reading this should copy and paste it to a major media outlet and ask what the fuck is going on.?

Biggest cases of insider trading and fraud of all time is coming from the White House.

Bro... Were you around during the Great Financial Crisis? Or the Great Depression? Shipped sailed a long time ago

We never were dummy. The government bails out banks

I mean the Obama administration took part ownership in GM during the 2008 recession. I maybe different, but set precedent for Trump to take it a step further. I think the inflection point for these kind of problems was when they decided "Too Big to fail" was a legitimate reason to not let companies fail. Capitalism absolutely needs creative destruction. If the government can stop that then we end up with shitty zombie companies that become a significant drag on the economy.

Think the next will come by election?

Short answer: NO Longer answer: FUCK NO

It’s like he watched “Bubblegum Crisis” and decided that Genom were the good guys.

I think that the classic efficient market hypothesis has never been strictly true. But the deviation right now is greater than it’s been in recent history. Or maybe ever. I would say that both the stock market and the employment situation are being manipulated to advance geopolitical agenda.

Gross. It’s so disgusting

Mods would have removed this thread a few years ago for being all politics no finance/investing. Now I feel like these are the only threads that reach my home feed because they drown out all the rest.

When were we a free market?

It was never a free market though. It’s always been heavily manipulated. See the auto industry forced to make tanks/planes in WWII, financial crisis of ‘08, the buying of GM to stabilize markets, Solyndra incentives, vaccine rollout and mask production in 2020, purchase of Intel (10%) this week, etc etc.

Haven’t been a free market in ages. Corporatism is anti free market. No longer a free exchange of value.

? Pump & dumps and stock manipulation is as free market as it gets. Did you mean to say some other thing?

We’ve never been a “free market” - we’ve been a crony capitalist market with dash of colonialism.

Peter (who might be right in this case, I just can't read through it right now) is hugely anti-crypto, so keep this in mind when evaluating.

It was never a free market. Truth is the game was rigged from the start.

The question might not be whether the market is free, but rather who it’s free *for*. Rules tend to bend for governments and corporations in power, while retail investors carry the risk.

Not free market, but free-for-all market.

If there’s a tariff in place it’s not a free market

Story old as time.

No. This is the freedom that conservatives want. Its all been a huge fucking lie

It was never a free market

Well the Dems do the same but with taxpayer money and NGOs. Then those NGOs donate to campaign funds.

Its always happened, it's just never been this public. I can't do anything about it and neither can you. Participate and make money or don't and lose money. It's not much of a choice.

we haven't been a free market since FDR confiscated gold and formed the Tennessee Valley Authority.

We weren't free before.

Ask Pelosi

Experience with AI-driven portfolio so far Hey everyone! I've decided to try something different and vibe-coded a portfolio management system. It's basically an LLM with a bunch of tools to design a portfolio for you according to your investment goal. I've been test-driving it for about 6 weeks, and here are my results so far. The goal was to build a moderate risk portfolio with some crypto exposure. Initially it gave me this: AAPL 5% MSFT 5% BND 10% ICLN 5% QQQ 10% SCHD 10% VNQ 5% VTI 25% VXUS 15% ETH-USD, BTC-USD 5% each it went about 4% up so far. I got a little lucky with massive jump in ETH, at which point it suggested to rotate some of the profits into SGOV/BND, and reduce crypto exposure in general, so I'm down to about 6% crypto total. ICLN was a little surprising as a recommendation, considering the political climate, but it paid off so far, up about 7%. Probably lucky timing as well, since the market was up in general. Actually the only losing investment was BTC-USD, down about 5%. The whole portfolio looks pretty conventional, which is probably not too surprising considering that LLM would likely give you middle-of-the-road advice.

I’m pretty sure a five-year-old who reads Reddit once a week could put together a portfolio like this

You paying transaction fees?

Yeah, LLM is lots of crap in...lots of crap out. Not one shred of "intelligence" to be found, it just repeats what people say and the average person knows nothing. Especially about finance. That portfolio is not hot trash but it's far from good. Big overlap, massive over-weight in tech, saved by crypto volatility and bound to crash and burn as soon a tech as much as has a minor hick up. And this kids is why you don't ask ChatGPT to pick stocks, it's even dumber then the guys at WSB and that's saying something

So I watch a video awhile back about Frank Abagnale about credit cards and I wanted to know what y’all thought about it…. So he mentioned he WILL not use a debit card nothing close to it he will only use a credit card but what I wanted to know what y’all’s thoughts on it is later in the video he mentions all of his money is in a money market account (he takes it out to pay bills and the credit card off) but in that money market account he’s money grows on interest everyday.. so are you guys using a money market account? I’ve looked on up before but the ones I’ve seen the interest rate is kinda trash. I’ve thought about keeping my money in a stable coin that was growing interest but pulled out because crypto apps just seem shady. Now I’m thinking about stocks that are silver and gold base (they say gold is the best hedge against inflation) but what do y’all think and if your doing this method already, what investment do you have your money in that’s drawing in decent interest or growth?

I only use credit cards as payment because there are incentives like cash back, points, or miles Buy everything on the card that gives the best rate for the transaction and then pay it all off at the end of the month That % stacks with the % earned with the interest account

Frank Abagnale is famous for being a scammer and liar. But most of the things he claims he did are fiction anyway. Why are you concerned with what he says?

Just open a Fidelity account. Have paychecks direct deposited there. You can take the extra step to add idle cash to SGOV, but the default money market is fine. You can pay bills from that account directly that don’t allow credit cards (like power or rent), and streamline your life. What good is a bank? Zelle?

I have 90% of my cash in a money market and pay my credit cards off and my mortgage from the account. There’s no such thing as a stable coin

I only use debit cards for ATM cash withdrawals. Using a credit card is a cash advance that starts accruing interest the day you withdraw. Debit cards don't have anywhere near as good consumer protection as credit cards. Paying the credit card balance every single month by when it is due is mandatory to me. Credit card interest on unpaid balance is very high.

We use VUSXX at vanguard. We keep very little in a checking account, just what's needed to pay bills coming up etc. If we need more money we transfer from VUSXX to checking etc. Might as well maximize the amount of interest we can get. With the added benefit of most of it being exempt from state income tax

Google sweeps accounts.

Backstop limits. Credit Cards have backstop limits, debit cards can drain your checking account.

It's smart to think about how to make your money work for you instead of just letting it sit. You're right to be cautious and explore different options. Since you're looking for decent growth, you might find it interesting to look into AI-powered investment platforms like Magnifi or Composer. They can help you discover investment strategies based on your interests and goals, and some even automate the investing process for you. It can be a good way to get exposure to the market with a bit more guidance than just picking stocks on your own.

On paper, credit cards are superior to debit cards. In practice, debit cards turn out better. Chances are people will end up hurting themselves more with unpaid CC balances and interest more than they'll reap the rewards of responsible credit card use.

Sell my portfolio and buy physical gold (15M) Hello, Ive had my own job and business for over 6 months now and have invested around $4,5K right now (no bragging I really need advice!!). I started investing in January and have a YTD profit of 13% I invest mainly in VOO and VGT (75% of my portfolio) and the rest in BTC (25%) Ofcourse bitcoin outperformed everything but I try to have a optimistic vision (not saying that I never considered going all-in on BTC) But now im thinking about selling everything and buying a 50-60 gram gold bar. My friends said to me its easier to keep (they dont have that much money theirselves but they try to help me) But im not sure it will outperform my current portfolio What are your thoughts about this? Thanks

This is an entirely stupid idea. Why are you listening to your friends who don't have much money? How is a gold bar easier to keep than stocks that you access electronically? What are your plans for selling the gold? Will you have it insured in case someone breaks into your house? You're 15? $4,500 may seem like a lot of money to you - it isn't. But $4,500 today is going to be a heck of a lot of money in 50 years. Keep your money in the market, stop worrying about YTD earnings and hold.

I wouldn’t. If only because at at 15, the physical security of that gold is probably going to be problematic for you. I would focus on investing in your business if anything.

NO. In your own words..."they dont have that much money theirselves but they try to help me". How would THEY know?? Diversified portfolio is always a best choice. Add 5% gold etf if you want (like GLD), not the actual gold, but keep a broad range of investments. BTW, Good on you for being so far ahead at age 15!

OMG don’t do it! Just stick to VOO and you’ll be fine.

Keep investing in low-cost index funds if you want to grow your wealth for the future. Forget these ‘all-in’ strategies unless you’re young and want to learn the hard way.

If I was 15 yrs old and looking to invest $4,500 I would put all of it into VT, which 50 yrs from now doing literally nothing will be close to $500K most likely Now re-run the calculator when you add monthly or annual contributions to it.

what about gold etf? physical gold is a hassle to sell. First you have to find a buyer, you have to drive there, and come out of that place with a decent amount of cash or check, needing to get to a bank, It takes up half a day.

Sounds stupid, go for it.

What business do you have at 15? 🙈

Physical gold? Your friends... watch way too many waste land apocalypse movies or games . Even with gold price increase this is a shitty idea...

You should cash it all out and buy a gold grill, best financial advice I can give

Is gold going to outperform 13%? I know very little, but I’d say this isn’t the right move.

Going all in on a gold bar at this stage probably isn’t your best move. Physical gold is more about wealth preservation than growth.. it won’t compound like VOO/VGT, and unlike BTC, it doesn’t offer big upside. Plus, selling your portfolio now means losing tax advantaged growth and liquidity. If you want exposure to gold, consider a small allocation (like 5–10%) via an ETF or even a smaller bar/coin. That way you still get the hedge without sacrificing the long-term growth power of your current investments.

This isn't the 1800s. If you want gold, buy a gold ETF (IAUM). Better yet, just stay in VOO and VGT for now.

You should add to your portfolio every paycheck. Choose an allocation that makes you happy. I don’t put money into bitcoin, but you seem to like it. So how about 60% VOO, 20% bitcoin, 10% gold ETF, and 10% money market fund (paying 4% at Vanguard, Fidelity, etc). I would use the money market fund as your emergency fund also. All assets will go up and down. Buy them at set intervals to avoid timing the market, because it is totally unpredictable.

Gold does not out perform the broader stock market. Gold does not pay a dividend. You'll have to store gold safely locked up. When you need liquidity how much will you get from a gold broker? How much do they take off the spot price so they can make a profit?

I'm 80% gold (FSAGX), and even I wouldn't recommend physical gold. If things get bad enough, people will bypass physical gold and go straight to baked beans, whiskey, cigarettes, and 9 mm ammo.

BTC outperforming in the past doesn't mean it'll continue to. It's just gambling that you'll find another gambler who'll buy it for more, there's no underlying value supporting it. Buying physical gold is a bad idea. Gold is taxed at a higher rate so that'll eat into your gains. I also wouldn't risk having something that valuable lying around; You probably wouldn't store $5000 in cash in your drawer, so you shouldn't do the same with gold.

I'd never do this, but you should definitely. Keep us updated too

LOL, go for it 🤣

How do you track crypto treasury companies and ETFs activity? Been trying to tighten up my info flow for ETF/treasury plays and curious what the community uses. So far, I’ve only come across: * **CoinMarketCap** What are you guys actually using? Trying to build a better workflow here since missing an ETF approval or treasury announcement can literally mean missing a pump.

Stop gambling on cryptocurrencies, and stop encouraging young new investors to gamble on it. You're just spamming this same post to 100 different subreddits.

Looking for Feedback on My Retirement and Investment Strategy (Age 27) Hi everyone, I'm looking for some help evaluating my retirement and general investment strategy. I'm 27 years old and currently work on a contract basis, so I don’t have access to an employer-sponsored retirement plan. I’ve been contributing to a Roth IRA through Fidelity, and I also invest through a taxable individual account with Schwab. Roth IRA (Fidelity): FXAIX (S&P 500 Index): 55% FSKAX (Total US Market): 20% FTIHX (International Index): 15% FBTC (Fidelity Bitcoin ETF): 5% FRBVX (Small Cap Value): 5% Taxable Individual Account (Schwab): SCHB (Broad US Market): 70% SCHF (International): 20% FSLR (First Solar): 5% PONY (AI-related): 5% Crypto (monthly contributions): I invest $50–$100 per month into each of the following: Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC), and XRP. Question: Given my age and long investment horizon, does this look like a solid allocation? Am I being too aggressive or too conservative in any area? I’d love feedback on both my retirement (Roth IRA) and my individual/taxable investment strategy. Thanks in advance!

There's really no need to hold S&P500 and total US market separately. It's fine but unnecessary. If you want to hold small cap value look into funds from Dimensional or Avantis. These guys invented small cap investing and their small cap value funds consistently outperform other small cap value funds. Get rid of first solar and whatever pony is. Put it in international. You could do international small cap value, it's up like 25% this year and has performed consistently well despite US small cap value underperforming for like 20 years. Crypto is whatever. It doesn't generate value. If you like it 5% is ok I think, it's like when people have small gold allocations. Maybe just have the 5% instead of the 5% + whatever else you're buying.

Get out of crypto gambling and stick to actual investments

You can do Sep IRA. Look into it. Keep it simple. Do all of it in Fidelity. You can do fractional ETF QQQM in Fidelity. Set to auto weekly, work to increase the weekly. You’re doing great, I just worry crazy complicated setups means you won’t increase your auto. Best of luck!! You will do great!

Nice work, consistency is key. As you get more comfortable you might want to dabble in individual stocks or other sectors. Depending on what your goal is for the accounts might dictate how aggressive, but you are young, you will have the ability to recover any losses long term, so I would be aggressive. Every 7-9 years your account will likely double with consistent investing and average market returns. Don’t panic sell when markets dip, buy incrementally more in those scenarios

Not bad. Can combine several as commented here. I would work in some QQQ

this shit doesn't matter... increase your income.. increase the amount you're able to invest per month... dollar cost average a portion of it into sp500 and a portion into eth/btc and dca some of it into w/e the fuck you want obviously %'s do matter but realistically you're 27 you could almost pick anything and probably be okay dcaing for nearly 30 years... what really matters... is upping the amount you can afford to put into investments ASAP and doing it. Also make sure you're maxing out your roth ira and getting your company 401k match if they have one... other than that you're probably not going to have to worry much about investing just focus on increasing your pay.

I concur with the 5% someone else mentioned for crypto. In my case, I choose to invest in leveraged ETFs with it instead, using alphaAI Capital. Basically, whatever your highly volatile investments are, they should just be around 5% combined. The other 95% should go into long term investments in ETFs, mutual funds, etc.

**Over doing it, >>> KISS. BUT you Got PONY Ai.......KOOL Bro !!!** Stick with the basic S&P 500 index and growth funds: SPLG, SPYG, TCHP, VONG, VOOG, VUG, TCHP, TBCIX, RPTTX, IVV, VOO at 70% Add VXUS for Intl at 15% Add a variety of growth stocks. Check them out on Yahoo Finance: BULL, INOD, NBIS, PLTR, RKLB, PONY Ai, WRD, APLD, IREN, KTOS The BOOMERS and Boogleheads will hate this but Good luck. ;+)

You don't need both FXAIX and FSKAX in the same account. Sell one and put that money into the other.

Beyond the obvious advice of staying away from individual stocks/sector bets/extremely speculative assets like crypto which you almost certainly won't take until you learn a moderately expensive lesson, you could probably up your international allocation a bit. Just for reference Vanguard does 30-40% in VT and their target date retirement funds and most of the Fidelity funds hover around 30-35%.

You are young. Do you expect the United States to remain the dominant fiscal superpower, solve our looming debt crisis, political polarization and not have rapid inflation or loss of fed independence over the next 30 years? If so invest in the US index funds. If not consider what might happen in these scenarios and how you can hedge risk . I am really sick of boomers telling kids to just put their money in the index fund, as the Federal reserve is being stuffed with political hacks and overnight firings. No, buy and hold might actually not work when the system that makes it work no longer exists. it's good you're buying cryptocurrency. diversify as much as possible.

When Do I Withdraw Money? So I'm having a really hard time with this. If I invest my money in a low risk company that has been on average been growing every year, at what point do I decide I want my money back? I could just keep waiting and waiting and keep hoping for more. And before I know it all my money is in stocks and crypto

You never withdraw. You just keep reinvesting until you become a cautionary tale in a personal finance podcast.

I'm just going to keep investing until I own everything

What is your goal for why you’re investing money? Are you saving for major future purchases, retirement, etc? That will tell you when to withdraw your money. If you’re investing in a single company you will want to watch for if the company suddenly stops being stable - even if your goal is to sit until retirement, IBM was once a reliable stable company.

Consider investing into some income ETFs like QDVO. It pays monthly and beats QQQ in total returns. You can use the income for whatever you want without selling any shares.

Time. Horizon.

How do you decide when to put on and when to take off clothes? Or eat? Or piss? When you need to, that's how.

Specifically what company stock and how much are you up?

I mean most people withdraw from investments when they need the money in the simplest terms

If you are asking WHEN do you cash out your investment, you won't get a satisfactory answer. It is impossible to perfectly time the market. What most investors do is determine a satisfactory return and cash out then. Yes, the stock may go higher but tomorrow it may also crash, you will never know or be able to predict this. So let's say you want to average a 20% return. When you make your 20%, then you sell. Same the other way. When will you cut your losses? Maybe sell when the stock has lost 50%. Beware of the sunk cost fallacy. Don't hold onto a tanking stock in the hopes you will recover. If it looks like you will lose on the investment, take the hit and move on. That all being said, do your due diligence on the investment. You obviously want to be making investments that you believe will give you a good return.

You sell investments when you have something urgent to pay for, or a truly better (often mistaken) place for the cash to be invested in (like a start up). Otherwise you are either panic selling or mistiming markets. If you’re in investments you do t see surviving a long time, you likely already chose wrong and should be doing something more scalable and easy. Sp500 or NASDAQ

This is being asked every week. Just search in the sub you’ll find so many posts with responses.

Wait for it to crash this year or month

It's sounds like you're someone really impulsive, with great lack of self control, just give that money to your spouse to manage

Rumours of Trump's health and how markets may react Thought it may be worth hearing everyone's thoughts and scenarios in the event of Trump's health failing. My line of thinking is that should Trump face any incapacitation/25th/death, then markets will gap up, with Bitcoin being the proxy if markets are closed. Rationale is that Vance (backed by Thiel and Musk) would not be keen on tariffs and likely to cancel the bulk of them. I see the following moves occurring over the few weeks following any such event: - Treasury yields fall given the cessation of tariffs (less inflationary pressure) - Jobs market shows some strength again (hiring as businesses have less uncertainty) - Tesla up by 20% or more as Musk will be a huge beneficiary of any Vance presidency - Indices up 5% or so given less Taco (or none at all) Won't touch on the chaos that will ensue by all the cabinet members (think death of Stalin), but safe to assume the hyenas will be out. Fwiw, I'm long Nasdaq 100 and Bitcoin.

Everyone is commenting bearishness, so calls

Popping in for my monthly reminder to everyone here to stop letting your personal political feelings impact your investments. Let them impact everything else, by all means. But this sub over the past few months has been nothing but wrong about basically everything when it comes to how the market will react to Trump-related news. You are on reddit too much.

Short term drop, medium term pop, long term rip

Markets are far more likely to go down. Uncertainty is a bear.

We're more likely to have weeks of some Weekend at Bernies situation before this government admit anything is wrong.

Puts on $MCD

lol, pure Hopium.

The wishful thinking on this topic is astounding.

SP500 : "It's over 9000!!!!"

This is where you know the people who are perpetually online & get all their ‘news’ from questionable sources.

Why is this a discussion? Dude was out playing golf all weekend. The market isn’t going to react at all.

I don't know that Vance is getting rid of tariffs, but maybe they at least wouldn't change every few days based off tweets while sundowning.

An inexperienced Vance would likely put the US in bigger turmoil than Trump... wow, that felt weird writing

Trump if you like or not He is not really a stabilizing factor. He just swings in whatever direction he wants. Think that if he were out of mix that stability and predictability would prevail and yield better asset Prices.

So calls on Tuesday

Dip at announcement, then a bump, I imagine if Vance did take over, he would talk normal again, so it would seem like some sanity is back, key word seem. The markets would probably love that.

I’d say markets will gap up but only after a substantial short term dip. To which I would be privy to load the truck until the tires blow

I think it would be bullish simply because Vance would get steam rolled by corporate and political influences. He doesn't have the political power to push back and threaten running candidates against people.

So what happens Tuesday? Tariffs are illegal, will they wait until the Supreme Court decision to rocket higher.

The current VP wears eye makeup because Peter Thiel likes him in it. That should tell you everything you need to know.

Fyi: I'm long VIX !!!

Thiel is pro tariff so vance will also be pro tariff

This is laughable.

The Market: “If he dies, he dies.”

Logic aside. I’m expecting a short crash based on uncertainty followed likely by a rally depending on points made such as tariff relief. Americans are hurting including the base which GOP needs to hold power come midterms

1) Whatever happens, TSLA will always +10%. That stock is insanely meme. 2) If Trump kicks the bucket, SPY ATH, 650 at least.

down short term up long term

Vance seems more self-destructive than trump. He will probably aim to lead the US to a major war for unclear reasons even if that doesn't happen, the guy is not very smart. never said anything impactful or important , so medium term he will tank the US economy with his bad choices

We still haven't seen or heard from him for...5 days now, huh? 6 days? Well, when they finally release the news there will be a quick dip--my money is on either a few hours long or just over a day--then to new ATHs, unless Vance announces something insane simultaneously.

No reaction because this is an over reaction

What a pathetic narrative the markets are following. Calls. More calls.

Imagine that… more FUD.

So your logic is good except for one big problem... Vance fucks couches. Seriously, no one likes this guy. No one likes Musk or Theil either. Trump's an asshole, but he actually won the presidency. But no one will accept Vance just parachuting into the role. Not to mention, Trump surrounded himself with loyalists, none of whom would serve Vance. So the impact of Trump dying would be total chaos. I think at first you'd get a spike in the market as people celebrate the idiot is gone, but then you'd get a crash as people realized there's no one steering the ship. Total political chaos is never good for the markets. It's always the worst possible outcome.

Your TDS should not impact your investing strategy, if it does you will certainly go broke.

Gemini Going Public In September There’s a chance it gets listed on Sept. 2. With a crypto-friendly administration, Bitcoin and even ETH recently hitting all-time highs, especially with record inflows into ETFs and more companies adding them to reserves anything crypto related is doing crazy good. Stocks tied to crypto, like Circle and Bullish, have seen some crazy gains during their IPO day. Not financial advice... I’m just going to keep looking into it but I like Gemini for the next "hot stock" pick [

I was really confused by this whole post because I thought you meant that Google Gemini was going to IPO. I had no idea there was a crypto exchange called Gemini.

Wooo pump the bubble up!

Easy +150% IPO

Bitcoin Whale Sells 24,000 BTC Triggering Flash Crash, Still Holds Over $17B Worth BTC

A massive Bitcoin whale dump over the weekend has sparked major liquidations, dragging BTC to a key support zone near $113K. A single BTC whale sold 24,000 Bitcoin on Sunday, worth $2.7 billion, catalyzing a $4,000 crash in minutes. However, they still hold 152,874 BTC, valued at more than $17 billion.

I'm surprised these whales dont use "distributed" sales, common in the big player stock world to avoid moving the market a lot.

Can someone explain if this "whale" has actual cash now? The article makes it sound like they just have etherium or a balance at some exchange? I understand for the crypto bros this is important news, but to the rest of us this guy is still just "on paper" rich and got no actual money

Crypto is such a wash 😅😂 Fools scamming fools while the same ultra-wealthy still have the same power in their make believe new economy. Just with a handful of upstarts 🙄

I've actually been wondering about how much liquidity there is in Bitcoin. Realistically, could a single whale just completely burn down the system by cashing out completely and draining the funds of all major exchanges?

Poor suckers who buy into pyramids late.

Putin needed some cash?

I guess he didn’t get the memo that it’s replaced fiat.

24K BTC offloaded the dip wasn’t random

I heard they are going to buy G ME before earnings,

Silicon Valley, the New Lobbying Monster | From crypto to A.I., the tech sector is pouring millions into super PACS that intimidate politicians into supporting its agenda.

Citizens United.

A Crypto project built to combat all kinds of crypto scams.

What will remain after the AI and crypto bubbles?

"The system that has long underpinned US global leadership in science and technology is being dismantled, raising disturbing questions about the country's ability to generate new innovations in the future. Worse, this self-destruction has coincided with a speculative frenzy that may be the swansong of US economic primacy"

Many ruined people. The Bitcoin thing will take more money than the AI ​​bubble, in the end, some AI companies will survive and make money even if others correct and go bankrupt. But Bitcoin has no intrinsic value except for the network of trust of its participants and when it says it will fall, it will be for the history books.

I think the AI market shows signs of a bubble, as it has been exaggerated and praised more than it probably should be. The current market speculation doesn't change the actual technology itself. AI's potential is real, with a fundamental shift across industries. I'm being realistic here. If we are not in AI race, who's going to pick up the slack? Maybe China? They have embraced technology more than anyone in the world.

If you’re putting AI and Crypto in the same basket like this, it’s pretty safe to assume you haven’t the slightest clue what the fuck you’re talking about.

All that lost collateral is going to mean a lot of supposedly risky financial derivative bets are going to need to be unwound & as all those who know their reddit history will know, this can be prohibitively expensive. But my guess is that many such collateral requirements will be waived to try d curb 'contagion'. I hope the next crash results in a huge RICO case against everyone in all of Wall St's self regulatory bodies (& all the boards of the entities that appointed them) over last 40 years,..., for they have built a mass organised fraud machine that has stolen from the pensions of 2, going on 3, generations of Americans. Worse still, in the process, they've totally fucked the workings of the market mechanics for capital allocation So, after 40 years of really shit capital allocation the relative prices of everything (especially labour & rent) are all mis-matched And this is why everything is so very shit & getting ever shitter despite tech advances & rising productivity

What would it look like at the ground level (One's everyday life) if these two "bubbles" burst? One at a time? Or both at the same time? Would our iPhones quit working? Would the stock exchange not be able to function? Are there crypto metastases in the economy that would require bailouts?

AI grows too fast, but has a very big and important use case. Bitcoin’s growth is based on beliefs and hopes and has a minimal impact on everybody’s lives. The outcome could be the same, but the reasons are different. There will be a big correction or maybe a real crash, but life will go on. A few poor devils will lose everything, like in every hype-forced correction. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.

Well, 20 years ago there was the last "big bubble" but it's a tiny fraction of the size of the situation. The last time it was all about epistemic models and some neural network learning - which is a through-line to today's LLM's. However, the under-writing hardware was not present. It was understood that you could get out of local min-max topology space with a variety of strategies but nobody had the hardware to allow for that or do so efficiently. This is where the underlying hardware massively helps. What is different again is that the degree to which the "bubble" is every asshole techbro that equates "Vibe coding" to being on the same page as Ilya S, or some of these other serious researcher and development folks. In that way , the market is incredibly constrained by output, and the degree to which the current crop of billionaire 22 year olds being thrown cash for this or that idea which only marginally moves the market forward is the massive red flag everyone needs , to recognize that if this was a problem that was going to be solved by money - it was going to have gotten solved while ago. That didn't happen - so now just as in every bubble, we see catastrophic amounts of money hemmoraging out of firms like Facebook in the same way we saw heroic amounts of money being spent by Sock-puppeteers pimping concepts of marginal value. From an engineering perspective, LLM's are here, there are models that work, but I strongly suspect those models will more closely resemble domain specific neural network models, for any number of areas of knowledge i.e.; mathematics or physics or what have you, and I remain wildly optimistic about the APPLICATION of those models to explore areas of design and development that might not have ever seen the light of day. But, it's not at all clear to me that the only place we're going to see run-away is in the hype and bullshit until some point (I predict in the not too distant future) , where nobody can demonstrate any value for Chat-GPT-9 versus Chat-GPT-8. No doubt there will be successes with Chat-GPT-8jAAJX because it happens to solve some cluster of problems in a given avenue of application. But that's it, we will not be looking I don't think at some eminent situation where Colossus rules the world and we're all being looked over by machines of loving grace. If anything , we're going to have a SERIOUS problem with weaponized AI's making advanced technological civilization enter a sort of ice-age of innovation and personal data contraction on a scale that's probably extremely difficult to even conceive of for corporations literally awash in megabytes or gigabytes of data produced per person per day, that's likely going to become something that is whittled down to how we conduct business securely again.

Why is AI a bubble? As of now all the companies spending heavily on it are basically just using their massive profits to reinvest. If AI ends up being nothing they will be totally fine. Stocks will drop somewhat but these are all companies trading at 20-50x earnings - not high multiples considering other growth vectors.

The core issue is these things actually are making lots of money On crypto - tether might be the most profitable business per employee in history - stablecoins are 200b and growing of assets - the us treasury has signaled that they wanted the stable act to get large amts of stablecoins as a meaningful buyer of us treasuries (note stablecoins are effectively money market funds in bearer form with composability) - your sanity check here is lots of this growth happened despite a hostile regulatory env On AI: - lots of money is being spent, and there will be large implosions - but the public companies doing this generally speaking have pristine balance sheets and the largest cash engines we’ve ever seen (literally sucking the cashflow out of the internet economy and funneling it towards infrastructure projects) - the private companies are doing this with private money - there are tons of these start ups with 9 figures of arr - and the expectation Ala wrights law is that the cost per token is going to keep dropping - tldr people are freaking out about this but we haven’t gotten to the craziness yet (meta issuing debt is the first sign, but that means we have lots more to run. And not obvious it ends in catastrophe in the same way as the dot com bubble given there are underlying monster cash generation businesses)

Crypto bubble? Same story I heard since 2017 and 2021. Crypto is there to stay either you like it or not. Big fund investors like Blackrock and Microstrategy massively invest into crypto as well. Yes, it will be another bear market where everything goes down again and people lose money. If you stick with fundamentals, like BTC and ETH only, you'll be safe in the long run, but if you invest into shitcoins that have no fundamentals, you'll lose money and that's the real issue into this crypto space where people lose money and add on top of that lots of greed in leverages. As for AI, I do expect to have a burst of hype anytime soon, similar to dotcom where only a handful of companies survives and from that moment only AI will improve at its own pace and become more adopted. it's a Dunning–Kruger effect.

Trump family crypto empire expands with Crypto.com partnership

Friday Rotation Rotated Friday into; shares of CRM, CRWD, NOW, PANW, TEM, and ANF (PE 9.5), AEO (PE 7.5). GLD November calls 350. Thesis being we see a phase 3 rotation out of hardware (NVDA not that other trash, you degens probably good to short Advance Money Destroyer and I might do the same) and into software (IGV) due to the crowded trade in chips (still good long term). GLD looked like it was finally going to close for a possible b/o Friday and with the drawdown in crypto smelled right. Interestingly seasonality in August didn’t play out against historical trends but this is likely due to 1/ US buying its own treasuries and injecting liquidity and 2/ Fed messaging on rate cuts. Watching software names closely to ensure follow through price action vs. it being just a short covering rally. Tagged JETD 3x Bearish ETF on airlines for a pop and follow through in oil and followed a massive whale position that bought on Thursday.

**User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 8 | **First Seen In WSB** | 6 years ago **Total Comments** | 103 | **Previous Best DD** | **Account Age** | 7 years | | [**Join WSB Discord**]( | [**⚔**](

If chips/tech see a sell off why do you think software like crwd, TEM, panw wouldn’t also dip. They usually move pretty in sync with the overall tech market. As for ANF / AEO I think those are good picks

Think cloud and SAAS is gonna rip this week

Bro dropped 17k on GLD calls like it’s Monopoly money.

Profitability + Growth + Retail Crackhouse = WEBULL YOLO Webull is emerging as a serious competitor to Robinhood, with 24M+ users, 4.7M funded accounts, and 32% YoY revenue growth driven by soaring trading activity and a rapidly expanding product suite that now includes options, crypto, commodities, futures, and fractional bonds. The company has achieved profitability with 24% operating margins, launched Webull Premium with ~$2B in assets, and is scaling globally across Asia, Europe, and the Americas. Its visibility is rising through partnerships and branding deals, and if retail trading activity accelerates, Webull is positioned to capture outsized volume.

**User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 2 | **First Seen In WSB** | 4 years ago **Total Comments** | 252 | **Previous Best DD** | **Account Age** | 11 years | | [**Join WSB Discord**]( | [**⚔**](

If you are so bullish why are u using Robinhood and not Webull 💀💀💀

Too much words in one paragraph, no chart, no AI, I am not convinced

I’m gonna yolo some bull too but why the deep itm call? And why not just otm calls and 3 months out till next earnings?

With a Robinhood screenshot lmao. Calls on HOOD.

The sell off on friday was way overblown. Don't remember the reason why but they had some sort of large one time expense that crushed their earnings and traders took the opportunity to slaughter it on friday. I bought more then. Will likely add monday.

In for 3000 shares at $13 — really hoping for $20 soon

Only one seat and you got it champ 😂

Holder of one 9/5 13.5 CSP reporting for duty 🫡 Finish your thesis regard

bought my starter position yesterday, let's ride $bull

I actually but leaps on webull a month ago, this post gives me even more conviction to buy the dip and hold through this bull market💪

Someone’s gotta carry the torch.

50 shares in it, gotta get 300 atleast

LOL, joining the WSB loss porn hall of fame 🚀. Remember folks, stonks only go up...until they don't!

I'd be surprised if this doesn't pay off.

That’s all priced in and this stock is way overpriced where it’s at, they’re bringing in a fraction of their competitors revenue and user growth is slow for the amount of cash they’re spending. I think a wider timeframe is fine but I won’t be surprised if they’re just trading sideways by the time these expire

WeBULL? More like WeBEAR rn.

And you bet all your money this will happen before November ends 🙃

I’m dead in bull and in MRVL

That's Robinhood

I've got like 15k-20k in Bull shares from 12.50-14.50 Made 10k a month ago off deep ITM calls the first time it went from 12.50 to 15.50, now bought up shares hoping to ride it to 16+

I had a $15 call on bull. Down like 250 rn

Why stock tank when they beat earnings?

This shit is going below $10 again. Let’s talk then.

bought more on Friday and sold some CSPs expiring next Friday.

Do you think HOOD joining S&P 500 will pull BULL up with it? I am relatively new to trading so I haven't encountered many rebalancing terms yet.

This isn't a bad bet but all of these are trash compared to SoFi technologies on the riskier end, and Bank of America on the safer end. Literally buy BAC and go long $70 by March and you'll be okay.

I see you like setting money on fire as well.

Also financed in partnership with Yorkville the biggest scammers on the street, they drop an offering while simultaneously shorting their own stock. Hope it’s goes to zero

Could just buy ROOT and make a quick 50% proffy off shares

Most Trump tariffs ruled illegal in blow to White House trade policy What do we think here? Looks like market and bitcoin are reacting

TLDR: tariffs still on until reviewed by Supreme Court

On a Friday AH on a three day weekend. Fuck man save that shit for Tuesday afternoon

Unless Supreme Court says so, he won’t give a fuck

If im reading correctly, the ruling doesnt take effect until October? Where its going to go to thr supreme court? So nothing changes for now?

Looks like i picked the wrong week to quit holding calls over the weekend

> Trump is all but certain to appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court. Where the tariffs are going to be upheld.

Markets reacting? .001%?

It’s big news, but I don’t think the market reacts in a big way until the Supreme Court weighs in. As they’ve shown multiple times they’ve been bought I think it’s likely nothing changes.

Your Honor, the defense would like to appeal the right to appeal the appealed appeal pursuant to the appeals which have already been appealed.

Great system, only took 8 months to rule on something blatantly unconstitutional.

I doubt the market will react until the supreme Court makes it an official ruling, all year we have heard that " a district judge does X" and at the end of the day it is overruled by the supreme Court. So maybe after they say something the market will rocket up, but for now this is just more noise.

So if Supreme Court rules they are illegal then who the fuck is going to reimburse US consumers for all those illegal tariffs they paid!? My vote is Peter Navarro that prick

> “If allowed to stand, this Decision would literally destroy the United States of America.” Idk man if that were true I imagine it wouldn’t be very hard to get congress pass them as actual laws

Market didn’t give a shit. Probably because it’s going to stay stuck in appeal hell.

Fuck Thiel

Doesn’t matter because no one will enforce it

Am lawyer. I think the Supreme Court will actually uphold this ruling and strike down the tariffs. The “Trump always wins” crowd is ignoring that most of Trump’s victories lately have been over issues that conservative legal thinkers have been after for a long time. But presidential “emergency powers” is not one of those issues, and the Court knows dems will take the presidency eventually — they aren’t dumb. I think there’s a higher chance of Roberts and one of Barrett or Kav siding with the liberals and striking these tariffs down than people think. FWIW, just my two cents.

So if they are rules illegal then they should have to pay back all the tariffs they collected

Release the Epstein files.

Lol either way he said if court doesn't favor his tariffs the stock market going to crash.

We knew that at the beginning of the year... Nothing will change

The damage is already done and will continue to be done unless something seriously changes. This man has zero consequences for any actions or words that come out of his mouth

He can turn them into sanctions.

Tariffs unchanged. Even if Supreme Court overturns, this asshole will just invoke one of several other different laws and restart the process.

Not sure, but I’m a degenerate and wish this had been announced several hours ago for the sake of volatility!

Wasn't the original purpose temporary unless congress approved them permanent?

Isn't this good for markets?

Way to bury the lede, the one member of the appeals court is suspended because the court wants her to take a cognitive exam to continue hearing cases which she is disputing. She's 98.

So? No ruling is going to change the will of a dictator.

Buy gold. Thank me later.

Literally no idea Tariffs bad Uncertainty also bad

Stonks only go up!!!

Don’t worry he’s going to overturn it lol

Don't hold your breath. They're legal. * The Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934 marked a shift by enabling the President to negotiate tariff reductions. * Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 allow tariffs for national security reasons * Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 permits retaliatory tariffs against unfair trade practices * The International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) also grants the President authority to regulate commerce during declared national emergencies involving foreign threats.

pretty sure the tariffs will remain in effect while the case proceeds

i dont think this will matter a bit

So calls or puts god damn it

So stocks go up?

All this inflation and priced gouging isn't going to stop, thats the true price of these crimes against America

Clown show

Supreme Court will glaze the pathway for the orange lord and savior as they always do.

Who the fuck cares about what's legal at this point?

Illegal or unlawful? They're stupid but let's at least get the language right.

Surely the people will get all that stolen money back and prices will drop back down at least to pre tariff, right?

NO FUCKING SHIT!!! The whole IEEPA national security bs was a complete joke from the start. But the Supreme Court is also a joke so here we are, getting taxed extra on everything for absolutely no reason. So fucking dumb. Still waiting on those Epstein files too though.

If he’s actually dead, they’re repealing it legally so vance doesn’t have to backtrack personally and can save repubs face

But isn’t Trump dead anyways.

Wasn't aware it was the judicial responsibility to set economic policy.

So what? US under Trump is a lawless country.

Good - the president can't just set tariffs by decree

Put him in prison where he and the rest of his admin belong , forever

**User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 6 | **First Seen In WSB** | 5 years ago **Total Comments** | 5 | **Previous Best DD** | **Account Age** | 7 years | | [**Join WSB Discord**]( | [**WSB.gold**](

markets fuckin hate uncertainty. also a little birdie tells me they’d have to refund all collections so far which is impossible without the national debt scene going to a tipping point

So is this another court that ruled them illegal? Back in May they were ruled illegal, so they were appealed and the same judgment?

Perhaps I should ask myself “buy the dip pu$$y”

Uhh, I think I shouldn't have sold covered calls on my NVDA, VOO, and GOOG expiring on 9/5/25...

I miss tariffs already

Why would Bitcoin react to this lol

I do wish this mattered.

OP: Looks like the market and 🌽 reacting Me looking them up...SPY barely up and 🌽 not making ATHs Yea. This is highly reacting /s

Hulk dicks out 🍆

It’s funny how this is more of how it used to be early in all this bs. People justified tariffs and how they were actually bullish and now that they get shot down this is now super bullish. SPY is going to just go up independent of logic or reason. But it’s funny watching all the geniuses explain how everything is actually bullish as though it some how legitimizes their baseless bull theories.

OPEN THE CASINO

White house has an opportunity to appeal. Which they will. And no matter what happens these wont be "unstayed" until mid October.

"Most things coming out of his mouth deemed to by lies." Next thing you're going to tell me is that water is wet?

Umm no $hit it is has been illegal from day one

Why no announce mid-day...

It looks pretty legal to me.

I don’t understand. Does this change anything? Will the tariffs go away?

I'm sure that will stop them. <.<

Until supreme court says so, market won't gaf

Hahahahaha eat a dick you Cheeto pedo!!

Intact until mid October and SC will not agree

Hey fellow jackasses, anyone with even a basic legal understanding expected this would happen which is why it won't impact markets and isn't making the headlines. Trump has other avenues for tariffs which the admin has been working on since the first challenge back in April. Also the supreme court may cite their casa ruling and not apply a universal tariff injunction even if Trump loses at the sc. So today's ruling is pretty much nothing, slightly good at best.

SCOTUS will overturn this nonsense.

That’s ok, the Supreme Court will find some bullshit excuse to throw it out.

Mr Orange guy writes his own laws, he doesn't care

oh shit my puts are cooked

So... this is just another illegal thing he did in a very large (and growing) list of illegal things... and he is not in prison cause why?

thanks for the great news on a fri of a holiday weekend. now will SCOTUS concur or cave?

😂😂 as if he cares

Wouldn’t markets moon tho if tariffs go away

I was reading about it and I find it so weird that the courts are like: yes this is super illegal as other courts have also found it to be, we’re letting it fly tho What? Why?

Retards... ruled illegal because they didn't go through congressional approval. Lots of things have to happen for fidel's tariffs to go away if they do.

Tariffs will stay because SCOTUS will take their sweet time. "The court allowed the tariffs to remain in place through October 14 to give the Trump administration a chance to file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court."

We know for a fact that tariffs will raise the prices of goods. We know for a fact that the cost of goods is the most important factor in American elections. We know that the next election cycles will repeal the tariffs either when democrats take power or when republicans repeal to gain popularity to hold their seats. Knowing that, corporations with overseas manufacturing know they only have to ride out the tariffs until the next elections. That’s a much shorter time than the time to build and integrate a new manufacturing facility. So why would any manufacturing spend trillions of dollars and 3-5 years of work when the tariffs might disappear any day and will for sure disappear in 2026

Cool Now someone tell Walmart they were JK so prices can go back down

BitFarms $BITF High-Performance Computing Play **Strategic Shift to AI and HPC:** The company is accelerating its move into high-performance computing (HPC) and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure. This strategic diversification beyond just Bitcoin mining is seen as a positive step for future growth and has been highlighted in analyst reports. Bitfarms has already announced a partnership with T5 Data Centers to develop its Panther Creek campus for HPC/AI **On August 18, 2025, Bitfarms announced the appointment of Wayne Duso, a former Amazon Web Services (AWS) executive, to its Board of Directors**. This appointment is a significant development because of Bitfarms' strategic pivot towards high-performance computing (HPC) and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure. Duso's extensive experience at AWS, where he helped scale and lead several businesses in data storage and cloud infrastructure, is seen as a major asset to this new direction. Similarly, **Terawulf $WULF** stocks recent surge is primarily due to a major strategic shift from Bitcoin mining to providing high-performance computing (HPC) and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure. **Massive AI Hosting Deal with Fluidstack:** TeraWulf announced a 10-year agreement with AI cloud provider Fluidstack. This initial agreement is valued at approximately **$3.7 billion** and can potentially grow to **$8.7 billion** if extensions are exercised. **Google ($GOOGL)'s** recently announced providing a **$1.8 billion backstop** for Fluidstack's lease obligations and has taken an **8% equity stake** in TeraWulf **TLDR:** I'm expecting $BITF to sign a HPC deal in near future causing stock price to surge.

**User Report**| | | | :--|:--|:--|:-- **Total Submissions** | 6 | **First Seen In WSB** | 5 years ago **Total Comments** | 10 | **Previous Best DD** | **Account Age** | 5 years | | [**Join WSB Discord**]( | [**WSB.gold**](

The September open interest is insanely suspicious. I’m in.

20k shares let's go easy win

been sitting on a few hundred shares of this for months, was surprised when it jumped .25 out of nowhere. going to load up some more. it's Canadian owned and involved in crypto, so as Trump kills the dollar the value of BITF should go up.

DIAMOND HANDS 💎 🙌

What about the company suggests it’s big enough to warrant this deal though?

I own 1000 shares at $1.26. was meaning to buy at $0.80 back when it was under a dollar per share but procrastinated. will load up $10k worth soon and see what happens.

Saw the open interest for sept 19th and bought some calls. Calls were insanely cheap so I don’t care if I lose money on this tbh

Dropped 30k into Jan 27 $1 strike. Seems like easy money at some point. Sep might be too early but I can see the yolo potential they're cheap as hell

You missed something important. BITF are also moving towards a bigger US presence. The company is setting up a principal executive office in New York City, further solidifying its American presence. They're transitioning to U.S. GAAP reporting with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, to align more closely with U.S. investor expectations.

Didnt Coreweave pivot from crypto mining to GPU lending for AI? Worked well with them

Im with almost 2k shares DCAing. They announced shares buy back 46M this year. There is a chance of reverse split as it is aproces but seems thats they dont need that.

This is gonna be the dark horse of 2025-2026.

No penny stocks allowed bud

I was deep in the miner stock rabbit hole for a while and have a lot of experience mining bitcoin myself. While I think there's an angle here, my concern w/ this company is that they have a track record of just playing the "dilute heavily to pay management" game. Could pump on some random news, but its a very speculative play.

I think there is big money to be made in the next few months on Bitcoin miners who have transitioning to AI HPC

WSB always late to the party!

I am in as well. Hope this prints

Can’t get options for it on Wealthsimple so I guess I just have to load shares instead :(

1.5 Calls for September?? Why do you expect news so soon? whatever it is I bought some shares

wait a sec. you are doing a lot of speculation. Or do you have any valid reason other than the appointment of board member? T

This fucking bagholder special has already wrecked many people and is going to eat your portfolio harder than Shooter McGavin eats shit sandwiches.

what do they have to join AI play, other than a land and DC built for ASICS? If they were using ASICS to mine bitcoins, then they can't use them for AI

Why September expiration for the calls?? It’s seems like you’re expecting news in the very near term

Bought some

I'm in, let's go!

Saw bit farm on the title. Worth a chuckle and a down vote

Bitwise Forecasts $1.3M Bitcoin as Institutional Giants Could Deploy $5 Trillion

Raydium Partners With WLFI To Launch USD1 Stablecoin On Solana

160 crypto influencers exposed by on-chain detective for undisclosed paid ads

good! but 160 isn't still enough considering how many there are out there

Shocked pikachu face.

I mean, that's just common sense tbh. If an influencer mentions something about a coin, assume they are paid to do so.

I’m just assuming any influencer promoting a coin would be paid. My question would be why should in believe you?

Anyone noteworthy on the list?

XRP to 10000!!!!

Beware of Ripple Ad on YouTube. I just opened YouTube and got an ad from what looked like Ripple/XRP promoting a “special event.” The channel even looked legit at first glance. They claimed that if you send over 1000 XRP, they’ll “double it” and send it back. Obviously this is a classic scam, but it’s worrying that such ads are making it onto YouTube. I thought the platform had strict checks in place to prevent this. Be careful, don’t fall for these tricks, no matter how convincing they look even if they are on platforms that wouldn’t usually run stuff like that.

YouTube takes their sweet ass time to remove scam ads. There was another one that a lot of Canadian social media is talking about because it includes a deepfake of our prime minister, quite clear that many people have marked it as spam, and it’s obviously fake if even an AI bot was tasked to review it… I still keep seeing the ad.

[scam video ad](

South Korea FSC nominee says crypto has ‘no intrinsic value’

what did they say about fiat?

Metaplanet Bitcoin holdings hits 20K: will it surpass Strategy?

yoh surpassing riot? this shows japanese corporates are taking the lead in crypto adoption

There's no chance... Strategy's lead is too big, Metaplanet doesn't have the capital structure or connections yet. Plus, once JPow hits the money printer, their ability to scale goes down a lot based on price of the asset. Saylor will never be toppled by another company.

Tether to Launch USDT on RGB Protocol, Pioneering Native Stablecoin Integration on Bitcoin

Former Cred Execs Sentenced to Federal Prison For $150M Crypto Fraud - Decrypt

Japan’s Metaplanet to vote on $884m bitcoin share sale plan

They are taking a leaf out of SaylorMoon's playbook

Just Another Day at The Office

While finance bros eat steak, crypto bros will have to make do with Happy Meal and Ramen

I wish I own a golf club at least 😅

Thats about right, the 7000k wallets that own 60% of Bitcoin, the BTC cartel of corporate exchanges reaping profits from their scam, all caring not at all what happens to regular people, because making the world a better place was never remotely on their minds. So much so that their cult laughs in everyone’s faces on social media on the regular. But don’t worry, push up that bitcoin value and I’m sure the owners of over half BTCs total value will totally trickle some of that cash down in strip clubs, local cocaine dealers, mega-yachts, and to the purveyors of mid-east slave auctions as well as your friendly neighborhood pedophile rings.

Super cycle September incoming!

Source: @wallstreetbets instagram

I don't even blink at world events anymore.

Hell yeah, I'm golfing today.

“I wish them well” 🏌️‍♂️putts away

Why not both?

Crypto Market Today: Key Developments & Insights

Institutional Money Floods Into Ethereum: Is a 100x Price Surge on the Horizon?

Ah yes, 10x the market cap of bitcoin

Why not 1000x? Or 100000000x?

So $400k for 1 ETH? Yeah, realistically I don't think so.

I think I'll just sell 30% of my stack at 9k, another 30% at 15k, 30% at 19k and I'll let the last 10% ride to the mythical 400k 😂😂😂😂

100x seems a bit too much 😅

How about with 5x as start jfc.

100x? 🤡 (don't get me wrong, I'd love it but we're not in a parallel universe.)

Answer: no.

I dont know what these guys are having, but I want a Kilo aswell. Also… wasnt eth dead?

There’s to many ETH available on the market for it to 100x. What would be the market cap if that were the case? It would be the biggest asset in the world. Which will never be the case for Ethereum It’s about the market cap

100x, really bruh?

You guys are on crack. A 100x price surge would mean it would be around 400k per coin. That would surpass bitcoin in every aspect. Let's get back to reality. Maybe a 1-5× price increase but thats about it.

Here's something with a market cap bigger than the US debt

World Liberty Financial's USD1 expands into Solana

Average Crypto Guy Soon

10 years no work history? HR would push him into the no pile.

HR person: "wHy Do YoU hAvE a TeN yEaR gAp BeTwEeN yOuR bUsBoY eXpErIeNcE aNd YoUr PoSiTiOn At NvIdIa?"

I’m still a dishwasher at Wendy’s, sir

He worked for AMD for those missing years. He just didn't list it for obvious reason

But in reverse

From cleaning tables to cleaning charts.

What did he do between 1983 and 1993?

I sent a message to see if he’s interested in a dishwasher position

Almost anyone can work as a dishwasher, busboy, or waiter, but becoming tech company ceo is an entirely different challenge.

Nahhh, it’s the opposite

Pre- rich my frens

Raoul Pal Predicts Total Crypto User Base 4B By 2030.

How many bots does this include?

Okay, but why should we believe him?

who is he? 👀

Bitcoin price drops below $108K but on-chain metrics signal strength

Do you think there will EVER be a headline that doesn’t suggest it’s going to pump?

price is down BUT WE THINK IT WILL GO UP BECAUSE IT'S A DAY OFF THE WEEK THAT ENDS IN "AY"

So basically they're hoping as hard as we are

What does that even mean: "show strength". What a f*cking bullshit. You are not talking about some real human being. God so awful. You are watching the price of BTC, nothing more.

13% is nothing, this is just everyday fluctuations.

Businesses and Institutions Absorb Bitcoin at 4x the Rate of Mining

soon there will not be enough of it for the rest of us!

And? It almost like it’s a tradable asset (high fees not withstanding). Shows why the halving is unimportant, and the next one doubly so.

Key Economic Events to Watch This Week for Bitcoin - Decrypt

Metaplanet buys $112 million worth of bitcoin; total holdings reach 20,000 BTC

What does Eric Trump know about Bitcoin that makes him a valued advisor?

and I’m still struggling buying 112 bucks 🫠

Buying all our bitcoins

Great use of capital that could be doing something productive.

Businesses are absorbing Bitcoin 4x faster than it is mined

If this was true why is the price dropping?

Something something supply shock Govs and biz buy price go up Retail mamas papas get greedy go sell cash out Bad ending retail happy ending biz and gov That's it

So what I'm hearing is at some point we going to hit a massive green candle..

One side will be happy and other will lose money.

Businesses always manipulate the game

And the rest of the market seems to be selling it faster than that lol

Now can you do for Litecoin (LTC) also man.

Meanwhile, Ethereum is absorbed **20 times faster** than it is issued. Last 7 days:issued 18.7K ETH, bought: 372K ETH. Source:

And can all the OG whales stop dumping on us buying their dream house, farms or what not. Just be a satoshi forget your keys.

Walk me through how the price goes down in that scenario if demand is outstripping supply so much.

For every BTC bought, there is a BTC sold.

The flaw in this argument is that people don’t just buy new coins, they also buy existing coins

Artificial value

Trump Family’s $750 Million Crypto Deal Raises Questions Ahead of WLFI Token Debut

This dude is doing everything in his power to create tops. Ive been in crypto since 2013 and this is by far the worst fuckin bull run in the history of Bitcoin cycles by a wide margin and its directly tied to his stupid fuckin meme coins and tariffs. All he had to do was nothing and wed be 2x higher across the board.

Trump coin cool! Melania coin, nice! Whatever this coin is, hey wait a minute!

There is absolute certain that they have studied all the loopholes and shortcuts around the few rule applicable and will never get caught

So… You are telling me the trumps are going to profit off this ?! Wild speculation

But Hunter had a laptop. Hillary had an email server. Biden used an expired coupon on an ice cream cone. 😝

Trump the pump. The bad part is every time elon calls him a pedo the market will crash i guess?

Honestly feels like the headlines are catching up late. WLFI’s been moving on Bitget i guess the pre-market for weeks now price already nearly doubled before this Trump news cycle hit. Just shows how early positioning matters when hype eventually spills into mainstream.

trump and pump season , but only for his friends , for the rest of us its trump and dump

This guy literally generating huge wealth for his future generations

Money to be made. Think it's a scam? Well there's two ways to find out. You either sit on the sidelines safely and watch or you jump in and play the game. Which will you choose?

The market is so petty

You know, you'd think the POTUS's family name would (should, ought to) have more respect than... what ever it has now

they are the new bitconnect

A coinlaunch a day keeps the money problems away. 6 months in office and what, 3rd Token Launch. I also love how his entire family is in the project, a president shilling a shitcoin to the world to make his family rich. USA, the land of endless posibilities.

This is your chance to get rekt for the millionth and billionth time

where to short it?

Best UK platforms for crypto leverage trading?

Don't do it.

definitely organic price action

This market is just red every single day

Bloody Sunday, what a bummer. Hopefully next month is better.

the whale buying ETH is not really pumping ETH's price eh

woah ADA pumped.

I hope everyone who apes into WLFI even after seeing his multiple scams (Trump and Melania token), enjoy the endless red that is about to happen. You cannot just show up and have 19 billion market cap without inside allocation selling your bags off non stop. You’re a moron on 2 levels buying that crap.

Septermber will be green. Trust me.

Lol....Every degen is short WLFI Locks unloading to market. Funding rates deeply negative across the board World liberty just bought on the open market Drama.

Oh man WLFI id sucking out all the liquidity from the crypto space... Man it's all over #Trump coin again .... Fuck em man. This is always the top signal. I thought this time is a bit different to January. Trump coin is solely a meme coin while WLFI is the token for their stable coin. Fuck my life.

It's always when you least expect it. Everybody seems to be worried right now....I truly believe we could see 4 straight green months. BTC reached ATH and it will recover to 124k and more probably....ETH reached ATH and I definitely see it going higher this year. If we follow the past cycles, ALTSEASON is around the corner. Buckle up and get ready for 5x - 10x coins in this last months of the year.

hi September, be nice

btc.d actually went up in Aug, stopping a 3 month bleed.

Checking in on that WLFI glazer bot, sup?

are moons still worth farming?

Btc at 92k in euro. It was at 100k in january

Bruh imagine a green September

So what? We are just going to bleed until September 11th? Thats crazy

All this thread is “it’s gone” “We’re so back” With every single little 2-5% swing. Y’all are either over leveraging yourselves or have absolutely crazy expectations. When has it EVER popped off august 31st and September. What the heck do you truly expect? 5-10% daily gains in august and September? When it’s known this stuff usually begins October? Like come on

Hello, September!

Where is pumptember

Did one of Trump's coin scams tank the market again?

ETH has been unleashed.

Since everyone here thinks September will be a bad month, it’ll be the best month of year.

Welcome to hell week

There are bagholders during every bear market. The question is, which of the following are you going to do: 1. Sell your bags and come back next time. 2. Create a YouTube channel to cope/pump your bags (you may make ad money from fellow baggies). 3. Hodl and fuck off for a while.

Most people are gonna roundtrip the Cro pump. People in that subreddit are disillusioned by their projects and think their coin is the chosen one. Every cycle. Same mistake.

Going all in on inverse cc, keep whining about rektember guys

WTF is happening again? 1 day green and 6 days red in the week??

Can someone tell me, after 8.5 years why I still havent learned that alts only go down?

Whales: they sold, pump it

Are they trying to make us hate crypto and not continue investing in it? Because it’s kind of working

107k looks shakey

selling btc for eth is the latest trend eh

Contrarian traders would expect a pump during September as most people are shorting the market.

PUMP HARDER ADA BABY

gonna round trip to 107k? at least wait a while.

Choppy ass morning without burgers to pick a direction.

Did some TA We had 5 weeks green in June, then 1 week red. Then 3 weeks green in July going into August. Then we had a ATH and a red week. So by magically bending the charts to fit my narrative, we will be having a green week. DCA and take screenshots

This market is a joke. No wonder most retailers (expect reddit tards) interest is low af

So the real alt season was the friends we made along the way

I keep telling you! You gotta know when to pull out 😂

I feel like the reaction to the news on Inflation was a little ridiculous. People acting like they didn't notice cost of living is rising faster than it has in decades.

Here comes the erectile dysfunction. I'm going to need therapy after I exit this market

I dont trust the pump.

I see no reason to sell.

Are they not letting Bitcoin recover? Every time it tries to pump it gets sold off almost immediately.

Well it's been fun ladies and gents, time had come to cash in on profit. For those still holding I hope you get another ATH at some point in not too distant future, and if you are holding alts I really do hope you get that alt season finally, you deserve it.

bottom is in right? right?

I am Balls deep in sui and it is just shit. Falls with falling btc but never rises

People again selling their coins to ape into WLFI 🤣😳 it's fucking over again for us. You remember how this shit ended for crypto in January?

Some morning pump and dump action as you bagholder slaves love it 🤣

Back to school sale starts

is it labor day in asia too? there's barely any price movement lmao

I swear, it's only the first of September and look at the charts!

I have no crypto experience and I inherited a lot of grayscale gdlc. What specific aspects of the market should I keep an eye on in case things start tanking? Not interested in investing anything else in the market, I'm just trying to be a good custodian of what my father left me. The funds composition is below, so I'm assuming I should just be keeping my eyes on the main crypto market. What kind of market research are you supposed to do? Just to keep an eye on how well Bitcoin is performing? From what I've seen, it's mostly guessing market sentimentality Bitcoin (BTC): 79.59% Ethereum (ETH): 10.54% XRP (Ripple): 5.86% Solana (SOL): 2.88% Cardano (ADA): 1.13%

There is a blurb on TradingView stating that a whale sold 8,000 BTC between Aug. 30 and Sept. 1 and rotated at least a portion of that into ETH, and now holds over $4bn worth of ETH. So that sale probably contributed to weakness over the weekend. Seems like this whale likes to sell over the weekends when volume is low, rather than selling into green candles.

Everything but Cro and ETH has been a slow bleed for the past month

So where are all the people who said altseason is coming?

*Wake me up when September ends*

now this is contrary to expectations

I always love some green BTC dildos on a Monday morning

We're so back, ladies and gents. Uptember is here!

eth/btc ratio at around 0,041 fear and greed at 39/100 altcoin season indicator at 55 (pre-altseason) Everything is relatively good so far and it seems there is still room for another couple of btc dips.

ETH gas fees up like crazy Just interesting as things have been pretty cheap for a while now

I reckon Bitcoin dominance will be the winner when we get to the end of September

I made really good money by buying the trump scam when it launched on kraken and selling it near the top. I just don't have the risk appetite to do the same with his newest scam

Every tiny pump sold off pushing us lower.

There should be a disclaimer on any app that before you buy, reads “expect random 20% weekly drops” and “expect 80% drop in a year” to gain 5% in 2 years

Don't FOMO into this pump and become exit liquidity

Remember, always inverse cc. September is probably gonna be a green month, since everyone is crying about it being redtember. Rate cuts this month will pump the markets

What is everyone thoughts on the job report on Friday?

Apparently crypto performance ain't so hot when markets are risk-off. Subscribe for more great insights.

WLFI performs worse than a shitcoin lol

2 weeks into bearmarket and it’s boring af already…

we still pre-rich my frens : BTC ETH PEPE the holy trinity LTC as the jester

Even when the us market is closed alts dump on opening hour

Eth so strong

Volume coming in now

and its gone

Are we pre-rich?

Aaarrrghhhhh. I miss the burgers. At the very least, they bring some action to the market!

Did we get re-routed to Goblintown again?

September wants to continue the trend

have the green day comments subsided yet?

Hi fellow bag holders

Anybody got an educated guess who the BTC whale is that’s converting to ETH?

Ok we’re back again

Shells still falling

Now I see what happened. Eric Trump said to buy BTC. 🤦‍♂️

Most mentions on r/cc (2025-08-31 00:00:00): ||Mentions| |:-|:-| |BTC|154| |ETH|36| |MOON|26| |USDT|26| |IP|19| |NANO|14| |XRP|13| |USDC|12| |BCH|8| |CRO|8| |SAFE|8| |SOL|8| |MATIC|7| |ADA|6| |DOGE|6| |FLOW|6| |HOME|5| |LINK|5| |SNT|5| |00|4| [Data source and app](

Do we trust this pump ?

Really want to get some link but why is the price action so flat just curious

Fucking slowbleeding swines

$trump coin dropping because the launch of another token is ghey

Any chance Eth hits 5000 in the next week or 2?

New AMA on the sub that was paid around $6000 USD in MOONs. Bullish!

Michael Saylor Signals Fresh Bitcoin Purchase as MicroStrategy Secures Legal Relief

It'll be news when he *doesn't* buy bitcoin, honestly.

That's a really big, loud foot stomp...the clock is running...

I just wish that he loses his key or lose access to the coins, wherever it is.

I don't believe it

PSA to those who currently have CRO staked for Crypto.com VISA Card - Your coins will be restaked and locked up again when you try to unstake via app I initially purchased CRO in 2021 for their [Crypto.com]( VISA Card and my 180 day lock up period ended several years ago. I have not used the CDC app for over several years and recently came back because of the recent spike in CRO/wanted to trade my CRO. On the app, I clicked "unstake" underneath where I have my CRO staked for my Indigo card. The error I received was "[ongoing\_staking\_request\_processing\_error]( I reached out to [support ]( they told me that my CRO is currently being staked again and that we would need to wait for the activation period to end before it can be restaked. I looked back at my transaction and history and if you look at the timestamp:[ CRO Unlock Aug 29, 2025 at 8:22:17 PM]( and Cardholder [CRO Stake Aug 29, 2025 at 8:22:18 PM]( There is a single second between unstaking and staking. There is no way that this happened due to human error on my end. By clicking the unstake button on the app, it literally unstaked and restaked my CRO, locking it up so that I cannot utilize it. The activation period takes 28 days which now I have to wait because CDC automatically restaked my CRO when I pressed the unstake button on the app and who knows if I will be able to unstake after the completion of the activation period or even have access to my CRO immediately afterwards. The app might just restake my CRO again for another 28 days. [I am not the only user to experience this situation]( however there has been no update to their post. Please be aware that your CRO could be restaked again if you try to unlock for those using the [Crypto.com]( VISA card. P.S. I posted this on r/Crypto_com 17 hours ago and it is still "[Post is awaiting moderator approval]( which I assume they will not approve.

Sounds like another scammy tactic by them, wouldn't be the first time and probably not the last time either. Personally I'll never use them again, and I would recommend you and others do the same.

I remember being stuck in 180-day locked staking hell in the previous cycle. Buying a small amount of CRO for the card rewards was one of the most stressful and worst decisions I made. I hated the platform because it was expensive and scammy, and the app UI sucked. The debit card rewards kept getting worse. But I couldn't get out due to the lock period. I sold everything immediately once the lock period expired. Since then, I have avoided all sketchy long lock periods. It's not worth the stress. The whole CRO platform was so manipulative.

Do not buy this shitcoin, if you want a peak at its future, take a look at the Trump families relationship to other coins.

Buddy, this shitcoin will not end well. Just follow this golden rule… everything Trump touches dies.

My credit card isn't appearing in their app right now and no one from support will fucking respond to my actual question.

“Crypto” and “reach out to support”. Ho Lee Fuk. Sum Ting Wong. We Tu Lo.

Cancel the credit card first, then unstake.

Tether (USDT) feels like the next Terra (LUNA) and I am terrified because of this I still remember when LUNA collapsed. I watched Bitcoin get dragged into the abyss, not because of its own flaws but because one so-called stable asset imploded and set off a chain reaction of fear and forced liquidations. One algorithmic coin lost its peg and suddenly entire ecosystems crumbled, billions evaporated and Bitcoin bled like it had never bled before. Now I look at Tether slipping to sixty percent dominance and I feel the same dread building again. It is not just a number. It is the beginning of the same story. I imagine the moment the confidence breaks. It will not matter if the reserves are there or not. What matters is that once enough people doubt, they will all run for the exit at once. The first redemptions will trigger panic and then the exchanges will face something worse than volatility, they will face a bank run. Once liquidity dries up on Binance and other popular crypto platforms, spreads widen on every pair, DeFi pools get drained until they are nothing but shells. People will scramble to move into USDC or whatever else looks safest, but it will be too late, the panic will already have poisoned the entire market. Bitcoin will not be spared. Just like during the Terra disaster, it will be crushed under the weight of cascading liquidations, only this time the collapse will hit even harder because the entire system has grown bigger and more fragile (don't get me started on how many USDT - Y crypto pairs are out there). I feel like I am staring into the same abyss we saw with Terra, only deeper. The warning signs are here, but I know when it breaks there will be no time to react. The bank run will spread across exchanges, wallets and protocols faster than anyone can process. And when the dust settles, it will not just be another bear market, it will be another graveyard. **TLDR:** I watched Terra Luna collapse drag Bitcoin to its knees. Seeing Tether lose dominance feels like watching that nightmare set itself up again. When the trust goes, it will trigger bank runs across exchanges and the whole market will fall with it.

What you on about? Are you mistaking dominance with de pegging? Tether getting less dominate is healthy for the industry and just a sign that big players like usdc are doing well

Is Tether an Algorithmic stablecoin coin? Luna launched in late 2019, collapsed in early 2022... Tether launched in 2015, currently the year is 2025 and it hasn't collapsed. Every Wall Street and Fintech institution rushing to launch it's own stablecoins and you're freaking out because Tether stablecoin dominance slipped to measly sixty percent dominance (60%)

People have been saying this same thing for at least 5 years now. So far nothing has happened.

I am scared of USDT too, but it's nothing like LUNA, it's not a flawed shady algorithmic stablecoin system, but it's shady for entirely different reasons, like we don't trust their reserves.

Yeah…this won’t happen. Tether holds so many billions of dollars in US treasuries it’s unbelievable. Terra Luna was COMPLETELY different than what tether is. No need to worry like you are. Presents some risk to the industry, but seriously, it’s so minuscule. People have been beating this drum for so many years and tether has only become more transparent/loud about their credibility.

Tether is not an algorithmic stable… UST was always gonna fail because it was backed by endogenous collateral that guaranteed a catastrophic death spiral (ust depeg -> buy ust with luna -> redeem by minting luna -> repeat until luna is worth nothing, at which point ust is backed by nothing). Tether being an allegedly fiat/gold/BTC-backed stable, if it fails it will not be in the same way. The recent slip to 60% dominance is mostly due to the rise of synthetic delta-neutral stablecoins that are yield bearing - most notably ethena.

Nah, Tether is fine. Until it isnt.

You should script movies, that had me locked in. And yeah I agree, a Tether breakdown would be carastrophic for the industry. It will probably happen and it will probably be the catalyst for governments to start issuing their stablecoins out.

Tether will be the drain plug for buttcoin. Very few understand the scam they are running.

How is using relatively less tether bad for the industry? Usdt has been around way before luna, never de pegged. It is backed by real financial instruments, you are comparing it to a coin the founder rugged.

Even if Tether crashes, I assure you that Bitcoin and the crypto market will overcome this catastrophic event. Nothing will stop crypto!

Tether pretty much has become too big to fail in crypto, no one would benefit from it collapsing tbh

Tell me you don’t understand the difference between a T-bill backed stablecoin and an algorithmic stablecoin without telling me

This is the FUDiest of all FUD I have read in a long time. Fiat denominated Tether tokens Reserves report ● Reporting Date: The reporting date is limited to a point in time as of 30 June 2025 at 11:59 PM UTC. ● The Reserves for Tether tokens in circulation amount to US$ 162,574,933,798. ● The liabilities of the Company amount to US$ 157,108,000,474 of which US$ 157,100,255,857 relates to digital tokens issued3 . ● The value of the assets composing the Reserves as of 30 June 2025 exceed the value of the liabilities of the Company by US$ 5,466,933,324.

So when are we expecting this collapse to happen?

n one of you advanced crypto members reply with a good source of information regarding this question? like the background of terra, luna and why its slated for instability?i just dont want to slow down this thread with a bunch of newbie questions. im getting info from my search thats too general

I'm more worried about the USD collapsing

This is definitely a valid concern, and it had not crossed my mind. I guess we can only move forward cautiously and run if we sense something is off. Another concern is MSTR…

Terra depegged because it was backed by Luna, which was backed by nothing USDT isn't like that. Backing is everything. Confidence is irrelevant

You are. And republicans just infused it all with tradfi. This will not end well. 2008 crash on crack

Id be more worried about the tron based algorithmic stable coin. Algorithmic stable coins tend to be.. worrisome.

You need professional help

Ethereum Foundation aims to make Layer 2s feel like one chain with interoperability framework

Let's fkn gooooo!

Do all the other Layer 2s agree to this tho?

I read that RISC-V will make optimism roll up incompatible

Peter Thiel vs. Michael Saylor: Crypto treasury bet or bubble?

What to Expect From Ethereum in September

Pumptember please

Not Sure But Probably Gonna Be All Caps

Line up, line down, or line crab. Amazing article.

Up. Expect Up.

I expect the price to change!

14 sentenced to life imprisonment in Indian bitcoin extortion case, including 11 police officers

Crypto ‘buy the dip’ calls are spiking, which may signal more downside

UPDATE: Articles predicting more downside are spiking, signaling upside.

Nobody knows shit about fuck. Meanwhile, all news channels: Can you believe it's September? Oh shit!

Crypto Fear & Greed Index hit 39 yesterday, entering fear territory. Anyone know where to find historical data on this indicator? I’d be curious to see how this move compares to other late stage bull markets.

The question is: are we going down in September? If so, buy the dip. Could be the last before the banana zone.

Just had our 6% dip in Aug instead of September.. Could be "straw Clutching" thou😯😯😯

It could go up.. or it could go down. I have no problems with either of them tbh

Wouldn't be surprised for it to retest l 100k and then never touch it again

It's dipping chat, it's time !

Inverse sentiment here. Super cycle September incoming!

STFU & buy the mf dip. 🙃

To me it sounds more like people getting ready to buy back in. It could indicate an imminent rise.

these calls need to be louder then 😅

This tea leaf future telling is bullshit. Buy when you can and hold for years.

Just buy all the dips instead of timing the market

These articles are just as annoying as the ones claiming that Crypto is about to explode upwards because of ETF inflows. People write these only because they drive engagement. Emotional investors are more likely to read articles with punchy headlines and over-simplified explanations. It's basically just fortune-telling, so it can't possibly drive intelligent discussion.

I’m just waiting for inevitable 30%+ liquidation that is overdue

September 2, 2025 is 500 days after the last halving on April 20, 2025. The cycle peak was in at 500 days. Followed by a bear market for 436 days. November 2026 low is 500 days before the next halving. Usually that is the best rentry. Will this time be different? Will the pattern not continue and bitcoin just continue higher through the bear market year of 2026? This would be the four year cycle is dead.

Redtember, no one knows why or what. But it has always went this way. It's becoming a tradition no wants but everyone prepares for it.

This is the problem with institutional investors being in. They’re five steps ahead of us and will always win these psychological battles

Crypto Charts Look 'So Broken and Bearish They’re Bullish' Ahead of Fed Meeting, Says Analyst

So basically no knows anything about it

Only in crypto can a chart look like death itself and somehow be bullish.

More everyone is depressed about charts, higher the chance Fed cuts rate and market makers start pushing all markets higher. Money is made by positioning opposite of most crowded trades. So when masses are bearish, you want to be positioning yourself to be bullish.

They should pay people to read their analysis

While the market is still bearish give more time to establish the position I want.

In looks perfectly fine on the weekly......

Jesse what the fuck are you talking about

How to understand bitcoin blockchain Trying to understand where the BTC from this transaction went. I see the account that received it but it says their wallet has 0.00 BTC and I can’t find out where they sent it. I’m used to ETH block explorer and can’t figure out basic transactions. This is the one I’m looking at. Not sure I’m even able to properly find the address it was sent to. Just clicking on the sent addresses is not working. Can anyone help at all I don’t know where the crypto actually ended up in the transaction. It seems to usually be split in two outputs. Is the small output the fee collector?

Unlike ETH, Bitcoin uses a UTXO model. That means transactions consume ‘inputs’ (previous outputs) and create new ‘outputs.’ Usually you’ll see two outputs: one is the payment and the other is ‘change’ sent back to the sender’s own wallet. The small output you noticed isn’t necessarily the fee collector. The fee is the difference between inputs and outputs.

> Is the small output the fee collector? No Bitcoin isn't an account. A wallet holds a collection of coins. A transaction does not spend from a balance. It spends one coin or more coins (transaction inputs), and creates one or more new coins (transaction outputs). There are no partial spends. It's a bit like banknotes. You can't split a $20 note by tearing it in half. It's not the same as banknotes Most Bitcoin spending transactions spend coins with a higher amount than the payment amount - because it's rare for the payment amount to coincide exactly with any combination of individual coins in a wallet. To avoid sending the difference to fees, the difference is created as a new coin in the senders wallet. These coins (transaction outputs) are referred to as change coins The Bitcoin blockchain does not record who sent how much to whom. It only records transactions. Transactions have inputs and outputs, with no correlation between the input coins' values and the output coins' values. A transaction on the blockchain does not record the exact flow of value. It only records which coins were spent and which new coins were created > it says their wallet has 0.00 BTC An address is not a wallet. An address does not have a balance Contrary to popular belief, Bitcoin can not be tracked multiple steps. There is only one definitive link in Bitcoin - a transaction input links backwards to the transaction output it is spending. This one backlink is essential for one fundamental design principle of Bitcoin - a coin can only be spent once Transaction 86e551943e60bbaab66f1fe9d4e04d24125489f6717dd6b7e14c9ef4addd9f97 spends one coin and creates two new coins. Those coins are spent by later transactions. Attempting to track more than one step leads to "fan out", so it's futile. In the backwards direction, a transaction with more than one input is a "consolidation", which leads to backwards fan out, also futile to track Your transaction is almost 7 years old. Whatever information you're seeking is not recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain --- The transaction does not explicitly record the fee. The fee amount is the difference between the input amounts and the output amounts. The relevant Bitcoin consensus rule is that the output amounts can not exceed the input amounts

Bitcoin treasury flops: These firms fumbled their BTC bets

IBIT and chill.

TLDR; Going into debt for assets is a dangerous thing.

They are buying during this year and worry about lasting benefits in the same year? WTF?

Buying the top and selling the bottom, truly the corporate DCA strategy.

Not sure about the other companies but GameStop didn't dump because "investors" sold the news. They did a bond offering. Also, their BTC stake is very small compared to their cash on hand, $500M in BTC vs close to $10B cash. If anything crypto bros were probably not happy with how small their BTC buy was compared to how much cash they have. The timing of this article with GameStop as the top mention is kinda funny, very close to their earnings which are in 9 days, especially cause they will blow it right out of the park.

Hey, it happens even to the big players at times

You should know your shareholders / clients demands.

Dumbasses were buying high

We’ll have to see in a couple years of the price of btc can go up . May be too soon .

Zombie companies buying Bitcoin is bad , they will just go bankrupt and bulk sell it all around the same period mostly likely. Only companies with reliable free cash flow should be purchasing BTC with excess funds not needed for immediate capex

Delivering on lasting financial benefits, ETH can be staked though right?

Gucci now accepts Crypto Payments such as ETH and DOGE in some of its US stores

crypto news site recycling old stories as if they are new.....[05/05/2022](

This would've been meaningful 5-10 years ago.

Crypto bros in Dubai are celebrating.

Didn't this... happen already?

Doge of course match made in this timeline

Alts still crashing though. Altseason wen

When they have such high margins, any fluctuations in crypto can be easily absorbed and it's a net win.

Also, crypto rover. A useless d teir "kol" that has scammed his followers many times. Stop following these shitbirds. E: tweet from zach.

everytime this news is a top signal.

They just use a service that converts it immediately to USD. Probably charge 1% over spot price too so makes no sense for anyone to use, better just selling yourself on the exchange

GUCCI GANG

Somehow people will spin this as bearish.

Finally mass acceptance

And the price goes down! Cheers ETH

No btc? Lol

Luxury brands adopting crypto is less about volume of transactions and more about signaling innovation and capturing younger, tech-savvy customers. ETH and DOGE payments may not be mainstream yet, but they show growing cultural adoption.

F dude, gas fees alone would make everything cost so much more

Next week will be interesting with all the weird pumps this weekend.

Just one more alt season, bro.

At this point our only hope is that 100% of Americans got fired over the summer so the Fed will blast the money printer.

I bought alts coins way too early. There, I admitted it. Aside from PENGU I should of just bought BTC/ETH.

Here comes the dump

I almost rather btc get it over with and go to 99k. At least I feel better buying sub 100k lol

You should be buying more

These daily candles are more like dashes this weekend

Ah September is starting

Just a heads up! Something is going on, BTC.D is still going down with BTC drop in price. Normally alts would be getting wrecked with 30% pullbacks right now and BTC.D rising, but they're only about even with BTC approx 10% down. Very odd. Could be a bull sign, but prepare for anything. Currently BTC is forming a 1hr bull flag but the bounce so far looks very weak, but at the same time not bearish either, normally the recent low at 108,250 should have resulted in a quick roll over down to 107,500 low but there was no bear volume follow through. Thoughts on this?

Sunday Green Day is my call

Whats going on?

what is going on with Loopring, up 25% damn also Vol/Mkt Cap (24h) 98.88%

A little bird told me that every altcoin season so far tends to start in September. Spread the word.

BTC.D monthly close looks very bearish, we might see a proper altseason now

!gif ETH gonna hit $5k soon

My gut tells me if August closes red September will be green so Bitcoin better not rally today

And cro goes down again :(

Are we expecting Fartcoin CME burger gap to be filled today? Because corellation between Farts and Burger markets is undoubtely tied in 2025.

Reflecting on the month: SOL & ETH are still up 20+% in the last 30 days. ADA +14%, LINK +43% ... Was August really that bad?

A crypto coin 'investor'/ 'bagholder' , once told his story, 3 years ago. I can't let it be forgotten: "I fucking hate this so much. Crypto is literally the first significant investment I’ve ever made and I’m over a fucking barrel so bad. I’ve never lost money before, I grocery shop with coupons for fucks sake ... But here I am with a cars worth of money in the god damn shitter. How did I get here? Why did my judgement lapse? What the fuck this is so fucked" This is on all the preminers, who promise the world to gullible, normal people, and then dump coins on them, and then retire on their island. Jed McCaleb ( XRP and Stellar), Garlicmouse ( XRP), Lubin, Vitalik ( Both Eth), Tron ( Justin Sun), Sol ( rich investors), are all 100% guaranteed to make money on these coins. And its 100% guaranteed that some normal people will lose money. That's a scam, and you don't need an 100 IQ to understand how its a scam. Even a kid will tell you that if someone profits off of you, that's a scam. But all these people have MILLIONS of minions, gamblers, who are invested in these coins. and they will shut down any attempt to expose the truth that all premined coins are scams.

Prediction for September, stocks down crypto up

But the btc dom is so low.

Whats the lowest price you bought ETH? Mine probably around $80.

ETH clawed back that post PCE dump, BTC still has way to go.

We are likely going to drop more, September is considered a bad month

I had had bought Dot at 42 dollars and I thought it will go to 100.

Few hours left until the next big Classico Sunday move

I firmly believe in what Tom Lee is literally yelling at this point.

Bitcoin closing August red. September likely to be red. Hopefully we can have a green October, November, December.

Ok, I'll just keep buying then

What if crypto didn't die for 4 months and pump for 4 hours

Daily discussions are a good reminder that crypto isn’t just about prices, but also about the friends that we made along the way

Lets get it!

STRATEGY could join the S&P 500 as early as this week

I've noticed some green in the last few hours. Is this the parabolic banana zone I keep hearing about?

MATIC up 10% on the daily? Is it finally its time to pump??

Every tiny pump sold off. Hilarious

The goal remains the same

Are you guys ready for the traditional sunday night bleed?

Okay, let's see what Sunday brings

are we going up or down? Where are the crystal ball folks here

So gangster are we shitting the bed tomorrow 1st September?

USD pegged stables suddenly mooned in euro value a few hours ago, are we facing a systematic bug?

If we get really good jobs numbers this week we're going to dump to $0k. Be careful out there!

$4,600 ETH today?

Lets goooo

Euro prices back to normalcy.

It was an ok summer after all but I'm still glad it's over. Now it's time to see some action! Fiat is ready in case I need it

here comes SEPT soon.

Happy september

Back to eating Ramen bois ??

aaaaand its gone

Qubic has probably the most brain dead, 2 low digit IQ community in the cryptoverse. Quite an achievement considering the competition

Come on ETH to $4500, you can do it.

A green Sunday …. That’s odd

Is there any important event til the next price cut that could cause a rise/dip?

What was that 1k drop for a second?

What is happening to POL?

I listened to crypto youtubers to buy altz, I am getting racket

It feels like bitcoin is dragging everything down with it

Whats going on with BTC in euro, it jumped extremly up in the last hour from 92k to nearly 94k, but not in dollar. And only on sites like coinmarketcap

there is no enough when it comes to stack sats

Low volume bitcoin dump coming any second from that giant virgin whale

Most mentions on r/cc (2025-08-30 00:00:00): ||Mentions| |:-|:-| |BTC|208| |ETH|63| |XRP|41| |MOON|26| |CRO|24| |SAFE|21| |USDT|21| |SOL|12| |USDC|9| |NANO|8| |ALGO|7| |CORECHAIN|7| |SNT|7| |IP|6| |ADA|5| |BNB|5| |FLOW|5| |HOME|5| |00|4| |AAVE|4| [Data source and app](

Who do you people trust for your crypto investing, news and advice? It seems every time someone recommends something, there's three other people say that person said twat and then recommend another person. Rinse and repeat. I've gotten into blockchain backer but he's a bit too technical for someone that's getting into this fresh.

Anyone else just laugh at those kind of candles lmao

will crypto crash when the president dies?

Is WLF dropping a coin on Monday? Can we expect the rest of the market to dump while people chase that?

Let’s go Polygon!

SHIT MARKET WTF THIS

Sunday night/monday morning is the new weekend dump

Lol… well any “tiny” gains we had our gone from this weekend. 99k incoming

Wake me up when September ends

Since you can’t post images in this sub I’ll explain a meme that was posted here. I think about every so often since I love the movie it references. It’s a 4 square meme of a scene from the matrix. Neo is talking to a child telepath who is bending spoons and the telepath tells him: “Do not try and time the top, that is impossible. Instead only try to realize the truth” Then neo says: “What truth?” The telepath replies: “There is no top.” If you’ve seen the matrix and know what happens to neo in the next scene.. accept that truth, and you’re free. You can escape any force trying to keep you locked down in *their system.* There’s a lot of correlation between the matrix and the cryptocurrency revolution. Stay woke friends.

Alt season gonna require nuclear apocalypse and global perma-EMP in order to start. This market is anti-rational and you better be ready to ride -99.999999% flash drops. Just sayin.

ETH could have had a great day if BTC wasnt shitting the bed today

Wlfi on solana is real or nah ?

1 day closer to rektember

many whales are rich thanks to BTC, are FOMOing into ETH which makes their brain forget BTC is a place to store assets, decentralized, is slowly going hand in hand with physical gold, creeping into 401k, with another one being ETH, a software company, but that's okay, their triggering a bear market will create a cheap buying opportunity for a lot of people. This cycle retail has been smarter not falling for the "our blockchain technology is newer, better" marketing gimmick like previous cycles but it's unbelievable that whales are the ones falling for it

I just started delving into the Ethena evosystem and all its variations and wrapped variants of USDe Is it all a bit sketchy and has anyone here been using them for s longer time as the rewards and potential airdrops appear to be really solid?

I can't do this anymore

What does you guys portfolio look like rn?

Setting some more limit buys on BTC and MOONs, free gains at these prices.

Whys Matic going up so much?

why is Poopring up 30%

rektember incoming, followed by dumptober

These past two months were a nice few for both my stock portfolio, crypto portfolio and pension. My aim here is long term anyway. Let's see what the upcoming months give.

How do you guys feel about numeraire? With the news about jpmorgan and its recent upside

Bitcoin is ghey

Just bought some polygon matic, lets go

Polygon pumping while the rest of the market is going down? Time to get in on this before it really rips

Buying more CRO. See you all on the moon in a few weeks.

Bought some more MOONs to participate in the $10,000 GLUE giveaway tomorrow. Fingers crossed.

LOL SO MUCH WORLD LIBERTY FINANCE HATE HERE Come Monday you will have to accept the fact that this will be the biggest DeFi project in this space. Top 5 market cap in the first week. Might pull ahead of XRP in a month WLFI is here to stay and dominate You can either join the party or circlejerk with the rest of these losers Honestly, I hope no one here buys WLFI - your contributions are not needed and I love seeing this sub meltdown on how broke you all are lol 🦅☝️

FUN FACT: 15 years ago today, you could buy 15 Bitcoin for 1 cent 📈🚀

If I could turn back time...

Don’t look up the Bitcoin Faucet. Was also around in 2010.

Don't remind me.

Yeah, but 1 cent was worth like 3 million dollars back then.

Naw. Normies could not. No exchanges, ACH transfers, etc. you could not have bought 15 BTC for 1 cent. If you knew the people and were the right person you could have. But you weren't, so you could not have.

15 years ago if someone told you to buy bitcoin because it is going to $100k you would have called them a scam

No you couldn’t. People were being scammed left and right trying to find a legit place to buy BTC. Let’s not make it seem like this was an easy item to buy.

It’s not too late for BTC, just that the returns aren’t as huge as earlier runs.

How could you buy back then? I thought you could only get it through mining it yourself that far back?

Yeeah fun 😒

there's many alt coins you can buy for fractions of cents too. the question is, which one will actually work out? You could have also bought the winning lottery numbers a week ago, why didn't you do that????

Don’t flipping remind us all

We all saying if we could turn back time like we wouldn't have paperhanded so fast

I didn’t even know where I could a bitcoin in 2010!

Fun irrelevant fact time

I’m not laughing

(Goes back in time, threatens younger self to buy ALL the Bitcoin possible)

And you would have totally held it all the way to today, right, right?

Please don't remind me 😭

I clearly remember wasting countless hours getting relentlessly smooshed playing Demons Souls on the PS3. Why oh why oh why didn't I check out just one little snipit about bitcoin and spending pennies getting some.

Dont do this to me 😭

fun facts are not very… fun

I got one link for 30 cents and a lot of it. Oh well

Cool, now I just need a time machine and a lot less common sense than I had back then.

Inflation hitting hard

If anyone in here did this, I am happy to pay you 10x what you paid 🤝

Source? It was launched in 2009 so 1 cent seems a bit off

Fun fact it goes to the same value within next 15years.

Only Bill Gates and his friends got in at this price. And now trying to get the system into it. But but "it's about financial independence". Bunch of crap backed by nothing.

same story will happen to SPX6900 too. look deep into it. SPX6900 is the people's token.

I got tokens out of few dead website smart contracts One thing most DeFi users eventually run into is the frustration of having funds “stuck” in contracts. A farm shuts down, the frontend disappears, or a liquidity pool is abandoned, and suddenly your tokens feel inaccessible. Over the past months I’ve been focusing on recovering these funds directly from EVM contracts — bypassing the dead UI and talking straight to the blockchain. I’ve managed to extract tokens from dead yield farms, abandoned liquidity protocols, and other DeFi ghost towns. These aren’t hacks or exploits — they’re simply direct contract interactions using functions that were always there. If you understand how the EVM works and how to interact with contracts via block explorers or scripting tools, you can often recover assets that most users assume are gone. I’ve documented the process step by step in a guide here (Part 1): 👉 # How it works (technical TL;DR) Most DeFi projects are just thin frontends that call existing smart contracts. When those frontends disappear, the contracts remain on-chain. Using tools like **Etherscan/Polygonscan’s “Write Contract” tab**, or frameworks like **Hardhat**, **Foundry**, or even [**web3.py****These let you burn your LP tokens and withdraw the underlying assets directly. You’ll usually need to the router contract to spend your LP first. * * * **MasterChef / Farming Contracts**Even if the frontend is gone, these calls still work if you know the right pool ID ( ). * → withdraw your staked LP tokens (with rewards). * → pull out your staked LP without caring about rewards. * or (sometimes custom-named) → claim pending rewards. * **ERC20 Token Recovery** * → check if you still hold farm/reward tokens. * → move them out manually. * Some contracts even expose helper functions like that admins/developers used to rescue stuck funds — sometimes left public by accident. # Risks and Caveats Not every contract is recoverable. In some cases, developers hard-rugged by draining liquidity or leaving no valid withdraw functions. Others may include modifiers that lock withdrawals permanently after a certain block. Always read the contract code (or verified source on Etherscan) before interacting. Also, gas can be high — especially if you’re trying this on Ethereum mainnet. Sometimes it’s not worth spending $50+ in gas to recover $20 worth of dead farm tokens.

Bro’s out here grave-robbing DeFi projects like Lara Croft of lost liquidity pools.

I'm in this situation where I did LP in a sushiswap pool on moonriver netwoork and forget about it. I went back to check recently and sushiswap doesn't support moonriver anymore and my money stuck there. will try your guide. thanks

Why don't you start this as a service? I'm sure people will be ready to give you 1-2% if you successfully recover it

How are you withdrawing funds your wallet doesn’t have rights to? Surely they are checking message.sender and have other security measures in place to ensure the person withdrawing is the person who deposited.

I once sent XDC to a Chinese exchange that had another token named XDC that was different from Xinfin. I tried to get my coin back for months translating emails to Chinese, but no luck. The exchange is now shut down. I wonder if I can use these methods in my case... I will probably try out the ECR20 method. Thanks for sharing! Edit: added that the exchange is also shut down now.

Crypto treasury firms mirror CDO risks from 2008 financial crisis: Crypto exec

Yes the irony is that BTC was created as a "solution" to this type of behavior. But once people realized 'number go up even further,' BTC fans disclaimed any sort of original values and cheered on this type of risky behavior. Kinda wild that BTC will end up being the architecture of the next market crash, rather than a lifeboat to avoid it. Further wild that it's the very fans of bitcoin who promoted it.

That only means one thing... we are getting more bailouts.

I am glad this is getting upvotes. Just because you like crypto, doesn't mean you should be supporting this risky behavior.

Similar risk, sure. Similar scale, absofuckinglutely not.

Before that we'll see the PE bubble pop. I don't think the crypto bubble is big enough to tank the entire economy ...yet. The PE bubble already is. And it's ripe as can be.

The crypto treasury bandwagon is more analogous to a null-prospectus dotcom IPO - launch a company with a prospectus claiming it's a tech company, and admitting there's no business plan

The concern here is that some crypto treasuries are bundling illiquid or risky assets together, much like how CDOs packaged bad mortgages before 2008. On paper they look diversified, but if the underlying assets all correlate during stress, the whole structure collapses.

So much money is being put into crypto stacking firms and etfs … when btc does its typical bearmarket we are in a world of pain

It’s arguably worse, unless you think this time “is different” because human nature has finally changed since the dawn of civilization.

Cluster of updated Solana ETF filings shows 'positive back and forth' between asset managers and SEC

Who'd have thought one year ago that we would get all the ETFs we ever wanted...

Hopefully it triggers a greater price increase...

Lots of slapping and ass grabbing.

SOL ETFs aren’t approved yet, but the fact that asset managers and the SEC are actively engaging is a good sign. If it follows the BTC ETF playbook, this ‘back and forth’ could end with Solana getting its turn on Wall Street.

If XNO skyrockets, only a Binance hack could stop it The FOMO that pushed RaiBlocks straight into the top 10 coins was unstoppable. The only real FUD was the BitGrail hack. Since then, the price went down and down… but Nano only became stronger. Unlike Bitcoin, Nano is not spammable. Bitcoin is suffering badly right now and the Saylor party doesn’t even know what’s happening in bitcoin. It’s censored, it’s spammable and it's not making miners profits , only hype is the hope Nano has been fully distributed since 2016. supply on CEXs are very low, fundamentals are much stronger now than ever before. No Miners Dumps Fix supply Low Liquidity 11yrs old It's programmed to be the money crypto The megaphone pattern Will make 3–7x overnight move. We’re about to see multi-line breaking, I can feel it. On X, old and new accounts are suddenly showing up again. DYOR. You don’t want to miss the only real opportunity after Bitcoin XNO/BTC Megaphone Pattern

„Megaphone pattern“ lmao, take your meds dude. You non stop shilling this won’t pump your bags. This is not 2021 anymore. People learned their lesson jfc.

Until the XNO community embraces it's strongest use case, tipping cam girls for feet pics, it will remain underutilized.

Another day. Another XNO shill post from this guy.

These nano morons are something else. Here's a hint if you want nano to actually be successful.... stop attacking and trying to compare nano to Bitcoin. You're not going to convince anyone and you just come off as stupid, It's not 2017 anymore. Find a use case for nano and promote that!

Come on man - I get shilling, but at least focus on things that are actually true instead of just making shit up. >supply on CEXs are very low Nano supply on exchanges is massively high at over 35% and a complete lack of demand has meant there hasn't been an outflow of supply off exchanges for as long as we have data for (5+ years). To put this in perspective, Bitcoin and Ethereum supply on exchange is around 14% with demand driving very clear outflows from exchanges for 3 and 5 years straight respectively. with the market, but at least shill around things that are true strengths rather than outright nonsense that just makes the community look desperate to pump their bags.

*If* it skyrockets Otherwise it's not doing anything

No worries, it will take time! XNO is different

Bitcoin is suffering badly from spam right now? The blocks are half empty and the fees literally can't be lower.

Your bags must be heavy.

I've held since it was Raiblocks, and in my opinion until they support btc atomic swaps, or something similar, this coin is dead in the water.

- value of BTC on lightning at present: 420 million. Total marketcap for XNO: 124 million click "max" on the chart for optimal perspective.

‘Only a Binance hack could stop it’, so basically guaranteed it’ll get stopped at least twice a year.

Every Bitcoiner Started as a Critic - Until They Paid Attention and Changed Their Mind Source: [

You have to realize how immature and dense this type of thing makes you look if you believe it or share it. Most of these are saying “I don’t believe it has value” transitioning to “well if idiots want it I’m definitely going to profit off of them.” The reason these guys make money is the reason you don’t. Despite their beliefs they’re still going to step in and earn a profit off of the misguided beliefs of others. They’re bold enough to share their opinion but realistic enough to earn money off the trend. You’re actually proving that you’re one of the rubes lining their pockets by posting something like this.

Top signals..

Fud when it's low, praise when it's high, it's how they make billions and it's unwise to assume they don't know what the next big thing will be. Don't trust any of them.

Jamie has been very consistent. He's always said he doesn't like it as an investment but given his clients have demand for it, then Chase will offer it as an option.

Everyone sells their BTC at the price they deserve.

In other words, boomers that realised they can make mones off it coupled with Crypto Lobbyism starting.

lol they didn't change their minds, they're following the trend and if it makes them money then why not. It's as simple as that.

they don't believe in anything, they just want to profit of it, how is that hard to understand? Wait for what they say when it's bear market again lol

Yep.. installed miner software in 2013 after reading about it and never tried to use it. Thought I missed the boat... at $200 a piece. Finally bought at $8k... it's a process.

>bitcoin is stupid, all these people are just going to lose their money, only an idiot would buy this shit -me, turning down an opportunity to buy btc at $5 because I was a moron

That's why everyone gets BTC at the price they deserve.

There are two type of coins, ones who people like to talk shit about and ones where nobody talks about

Guess what? They were all buying it up after they made those comments.

Only because digital coins are flawed, only the Whales make money. The rest of us feed them collectively. Like stock and bond retirements. Same thing.

Until they got greedy and selfish.

Jamie Dimon didn't change his opinion. He just said fuck it, the customer wants it and I will charge fees.

None of them are "bitcoiners" they are all power hungry, born rich pieces of shit corrupted by a level of greed no decent human being can comprehend. As a matter of fact they are the exact opposite of bitcoiners (at least in the traditional sense).

I started with Bitcoin in 2013. I was a big proponent of it for about 4 years. Then 2017 happened, my investment rocketed up by about 40x, but transaction fees also got ridiculous. Then I did a deep dive into how Bitcoin actually worked. And once I figured that out, I became a critic.

Wild how everyone went from ‘Bitcoin is a scam’ to ‘Bitcoin is the future’ once their balance sheets saw the opportunity.

JP Morgan have been involved in Ethereum since the beginning

Didn't Peter Schiff change his mind? I can't remember.

How many of them actually have changed their minds vs just saying what will earn them points. The higher level you are, the more chameleon-like you become and can't be trusted.

just DYOR Don't listen to the talking heads. You either get it or you don't. ✌🏼

Also, every roxi-maxi started as a relativistic shitcoiner.

The next step is that they go from btc maxi to eth maxi and never look back

> Bitcoin is “an index of money laundering” Aside from criminal transactions, Bitcoin’s only use cases are speculation and (supposed) inflation hedging. As an investment it’s the ultimate long on the dark economy (a reasonable bet). Hype and inflation protection? Not convincing based on past cycles and correlation. I’d say he’s right overall, if you want to invest in increasing money laundering, Bitcoin is a legal proxy for this. And there’s good reason to believe money laundering will increase in the future as crime is often tied to inequality (with exceptions). Bullish on crime = bullish on Bitcoin

But reddit keeps saying its a ponzi and that ETH is better 🤣

From Wallet to Wheel: Volkswagen Singapore Accepts Bitcoin Payments as Whales & Sharks Scoop 20K BTC

Imagine driving off the lot, knowing you paid with censorship-resistant, decentralized money. The future isn't coming, it's already here

Damn bro, mass adoption is truly here

Volkswagen Singapore accepting BTC shows how crypto adoption is expanding beyond online platforms into traditional retail sectors. While spending BTC on cars isn’t common yet, it’s an important step toward normalizing digital assets as a payment method.

Pubkey Restaurant In New York Now Offering 21% Off Beer And Burgers When Paying With Bitcoin - BTC As Global Money, It's Coming Source: [

Pls downvote those shit headlines. One Restaurant sells a burger for BTC. Global money it's coming... Yeah sure buddy

It’s an investment for them!!

I think a single burger joint accepting btc being a rallying cry for bag holders in 2025 tells you what you need to know. If you’re still holding on the way down it’s on you.

I am of the belief that while BTC will never be a global every day currency for transactions, especially because of how volatile it is and how easy it is for the average person to make a mistake when transacting with it, I do believe eventually it will be integrated into banking systems, rather than "replace banks" like many people seem to believe. Blockchains like Ethereum and Cardano are one of the most advanced technological blockchains out there. It's not really a matter of if but when smart-contract chains are integrated into banking systems.

WTF. You can't pay with Bitcoin. What, are they waiting for 6 confirmations on transactions? Or are they gifting hamburgers to anyone with 0 confirmation, no actual payment required? This is just a temporary marketing stunt.

Suddenly Im back in 2014

Lmao, is this why you guys think we’re still early? Because random businesses announce that they are accepting Bitcoin as payment like they started to 10 years ago?

This is what bitcoin should have been. Now it's all ETF.

Lol nope.. BTC is more of gold investment that people prefer to keep

What is the sales tax in NYC?

Once upon a time I could pay for beers with BCH, and that actually worked since 0-conf is supported and fees are negligible. There are other currencies that work just as well (LTC, DOGE, etc). BTC isn't one of them.

Still can't buy shit with Bitcoin where I live after 16 years. Anyway, bitcoiners changed the narrative to 'gold'

Beer and burgers for Bitcoin? … uh, no thanks.

I thought BTC had moved on from being digital cash to being digital gold? As someone who had a Coinbase debit card type thing back in 2016 and would just spend BTC all over on day to day purchases, it’s hard to not regret it when looking back. To be a good medium of exchange, money should have a stableish, slightly inflating value. The deflationary dynamics of bitcoin are conducive to hodling, not spending. Just my two sats 🤷

This would be exciting in 2016. Now it’s just sad people get excited to be able to spend bitcoin almost a decade later. Hijacked.

How would taxes work? Can you evade taxes this way? Just a newbie question

How can bitcoin become the worlds currency. At the moment its 4 percent adoption. Say it gets to 20 percent for the 21million available. How are the other 80 percent going to swap there money they currently have for bitcoin if the 20 percent say money has no value and only want bitcoin. What about the slums that dont have internet and places that mine gold in the jungle to try make 1 dollar a day. Bitcoin is nothing else but another store of wealth like buying a art piece or gold

Ive been there. Was pretty fun. Dude next to me got some special drink, i believe in a Yoda,that was like 150 that came with a hot dog and he gave me the hot dog so will endorse. Also close enough to Washington square where you can buy weed.

Just means you're paying a tax for not using a risky asset to buy food, aka unless the prices/experience are competitive otherwise, the place is not going to sell much food.

Lol Jesus Christ children don't buy shit with your store of value wtf is wrong with you.

Finally, a discount for spending my retirement fund on burgers and beer. Satoshi would be proud.

Is it profitable, where to go?

Trap. Don't sell BTC for shit junk food.

And yet 99% of people will not be using bitcoin there even for massive saving lol. Such convenient global money.

This sub is ridiculous.

Why would you buy something with an appreciating asset? Bitcoin will never be a day-to-day thing.

21% Lol brilliant

Top top tippity top!

God not here too

Last time high fees killed any hopes for small purchases. Good luck.

It's always the wrong tool for the job. ETH or Sol makes more sense here.

do they price in bitcoin, price or in usd but you can pay the equivalent in btc? because the latter is not really anything special

This is why BTC has more potential than gold

Is it just me or is Crypto.com ridiculously shady? I’m out 50€ on a single trade and their support is a joke. I’m beyond frustrated with Crypto.com and need to know if anyone else has had this experience. I’ve been using them for a while, went through all their KYC and data collection hoops, trusting them with my information. But my recent experience has completely shattered that trust. I decided to sell some of my CRO, and when the transaction went through, the final amount I received was a full 50€ less than what the market price indicated it should have been. I thought it might have been a fluke, so I waited for a dip to buy back in. But when I tried to buy, I couldn’t even get the same amount of CRO I had before the dip with the money I had just gotten from the sale! It’s like they’re skimming off the top of every trade. And it’s not just with volatile assets. Even when trading USDC to my USD account, I’m losing a significant amount. For example, if you trade 1,000 USDC, you’d expect to get close to $1,000, right? Nope. On Crypto.com, it comes out to something like $940. A 6% fee on a stablecoin is just insane. To make matters worse, when I contacted their customer support, it was a complete nightmare. I was bounced around from one support agent to another for hours. Each time I had to explain my issue all over again, and none of them could give me a straight answer. They just kept giving me generic responses and leaving me hanging. It felt like they were actively avoiding my questions. It’s infuriating that they demand so much personal data and KYC information, creating this illusion of a secure and trustworthy platform, but when you have a real issue, they are completely unhelpful and it feels like you’re being scammed. At this point, it feels like they are taking a hidden fee of anywhere from 20€ to 50€ on every single trade. Has anyone else experienced this with Crypto.com? Is this just their business model, to lure you in and then bleed you dry with hidden fees and a terrible spread? I’m seriously considering moving all my assets off their platform.

I paid around $80 on Coinbase as a fee to withdraw like $8,000 fiat; after selling my tokens. Fees are high. Water is wet.

Transfer from the app to their exchange for free and then trade on the exchange.

It’s called spread bro. You can use the cdc exchange and get lower spread and fees but if you use the app there is higher spread, same with coinbase etc. How about you educate yourself before you start investing and/or bad mouthing companies over your own shortsightedness

If you're on [crypto.com]( you should be using the exchange app its different and you can do actual trading, the basic [crypto.com]( app will sell you crypto but the fees are crazy because its really just where they manage the cro airdrops and the debit cards with credit cards soon. Its not a bad app but you have to utilize everything for it to make sense. Still shady.

Use the exchange app man. Basic knowledge that the noob apps charge stupid fees

I'm not reading all of that. Yes crypto.com is shady, but when it comes to trading small amounts on the basic trading apps the fee will always be high. Always use the advanced versions (Karken Pro, Coinbase advanced, idk if crypto.com has one too, probably does)

Crypto.com is NOT an exchange! Don't blame companies for your lack of research... Is it borderline predatory? Maybe, but not more than many other banks and all credit companies. No trade is made without your consent and without showing you the before and after values for you to confirm. Crypto.com has a broker, an exchange and a DeFi wallet apps. Use the one right for your needs. Is it unnecessarily overly complicated? Oh yeah.. It is... Is it "shady" as you call it? No... Not that.... They have other practices that could be called shady, but they show you everything you need to know before any in-app transaction.

Always do limit orders not market orders.

Fortune favors the bold. Unfortunately, none of Crypto.com's customers are the bold, only the investors and owners.

As others stated don't use the crypto.com App to buy and sell, use their "exchange". Low fees and no/less spread. Took me a while to understand that too

They are all shady, especially coinbase

On the contrary. Don’t be dense, use the exchange and the fees are nominal. I’ve used CB, kraken and CDC and I’ve chosen CDC a long time ago. Icy white worth, app great, exchange even better. 🤷‍♂️ I wonder if this is a political post because of Trump…

I just set limit sells and it sells for what I am asking for. Sometimes the charts are saying the price is way higher. But I have accepted that it is shitty but convenient.

OG investor here, yes they are

Kris is a crook. He used to Run a crypto debit card token Called Monaco. They fucked all of their holders by printing more tokens and pocketing them. ITS SHADY AS FUCK. Look into it, you’ll get your clear as day answer.

Odd how the libertarian ideal of being one’s own bank devolved into 99% of users having to give all of their personal information to shady exchanges.

Always wondering about the people who don't understand the spread. Like every day someone is asking why it isn't 1:1. First: you pay for convenience and paying for their platform "bonuses". You should be aware that many of these brokers use spreads. Use the exchange app and no additional fees there. Edit: formatting.

Don't use the CDC app to trade.... surley people know thay. The CDC app is for real crypto newbies, easy to use but high spreads. Use the CDC exchange, and the fees are around 0.5%, same as any other exchange. Also, all of these platforms tell you exactly what $$$ you get before you do the trade, so can't complain after you execute it.

Crypto.com is awful, their exchange rates are a scam. I don’t use them anymore.

Ooof we have a whale in here 🐳

I’ve been with CDC for 5 years and never had a problem. It’s great for beginners and I’ve learnt heaps in the at time, like the difference between the app and the exchange. I must admit, I was a bit nervous when FTX went under but CDC has been fine and earned my trust over time.

By far the worst fees I’ve seen on any exchange.

Crypto.com supports pedophiles

CDC app is one of the shadiest things ever. They say no fees as they charge you via massive spreads. BEWARE!

Just stop using crypto.com, it's just scummy all around.

Crypto.com is the worst

Their fees and spreads are robbery. Go ANYWHERE else.

Yes bs exchange . Recomend ku coin, binance or coinbase , bybit i like too

Shady A F. Crazy spread and fee.. Go elsewhere.

I want to spend like 200 on ETH and the total price was like 213.90

I’ve been using crypto.com for 5 years, their service is great and the app is easy to use. I think it’s one of the best apps hands down.

Crypto.com has massive spreads. Over on the crypto.com sub there’s posts every day about it. Lots get caught out. I sold my cro during the recent spike (thank god I’m finally free, with a tidy profit!). I used the exchange to sell, then transferred it out to Coinbase to sell. Signed up to Coinbase pro for the free trial then cancelled. I’m sure there was a cheaper way but the fees weren’t too bad in total

Just use the exchange. Noob

c.r.o is trashy. expensive, and unaccomodating. i use coinbase as a ramp to kukoin. most user friendly best supp (both if you nag on X fr example) but they're much better than the pump dump crew at CRO.

Learn about fees and spread.

Well.... They're officially affiliated with trump, so should we be surprised?

ITS A 3.5% SPREAD & FEE 2.5% WAS GONNA SEND 50000 CRO TO MY OTHER WALLET WAS A 90$ TX SO WAITING TILL MOON TO LIQUIDATE WILL NEVER USE AGAIN *:( WORK AROUND IS SEND TO ONCHAIN USE A DEX FOR CHEAPER SELL

At STRIKE when I dca, the price of bitcoin is nearly 1000 (between 500 and 800 dollars) dollars higher than when I buy at the same time with limit order. First i thought it was an incident but i played a bit and found out that dca is consistently more expensive. So it’s not only Crypto.com

Bro, all of them are scamming on the main newbie platforms, including Coinbase. Go to crypto.com exchange and sell there then transfer back for withdrawals.

I was going to suggest using them off-ram and finding a less complex DEX for trading, then I saw their co-kery is not limited to volatile assets alone, even stables and fiats are not spared. Saw a post talking about how cryptodotcome with the Trump deal was bad for crypto, I guess this was one of the hidden reasons why. Before anyone says it's just '$50'... $50 in a shitcoin could become millions... Think about that for a second.

There’s transactions fees for everything, buying and selling. Read the agreement you signed up for. The fees can be costly that’s why I am just holding for the write moment to sell and then deal with the fees.

They have ginormous spread is why. They make you buy on the high end a sell on the low end. It is not a great place for trading.

1. All CEX go against the principles of decentralization. 2. Nothing centralized is to be trusted. 3. See rule 1. Remember this and act accordingly. Use them as an easy tool to buy and send to cold wallets.

The thing I hate about the beach is all that darn sand

They suck but ive had way worse at other exchanges. Atleast their chat support from romania will answer after an hour. With coinbase my account was fucked for months. Kraken probably has the best but crypto.com got me with the visa card and ridiculously high stake. I could see them eventually going insolvent but its looking like 5 years atleast due to our cheeto kings love for memecoins and shady crypto deals outaide the scrutiny of the sec.

The process ive found for minimizing fees is: Send fiat to CDC App Buy USDC on CDC APP Withdraw USDC from app to exchange Buy crypto on exchange using USDC Sell crypto on exchange Withdraw profit as USDC from exchange to app Sell USDC on app to fiat Withdraw fiat from app

Why you not on exchange. Moving to transferable token back to app? Like xrp or usdt and depositing directly into your cash account? It's 2-4 percent this way... Called finding the method.. I pay taxes on my cash account and each trade on stock market.. ?

Bybit is dodgy too, theres no proper way to cash out to a bank account, you have to transfer or sell it to a random person and they send you a deposit

The owners should have been jailed years ago for what they've done with it.

Slippage and fees makes for a high amount of money for entry

There is gonna be an around 3% difference between buy&sell price, it’s called spread. If you buy then quickly sell and then buy again you just did -9% to yourself. No support on any platform could do anything to help you with that. Move funds from platform to the exchange or a DEX for better fees, smaller spread. Learn to use limit order type to avoid market order spreads and set your price you are willing to pay, not what system plugs you in at that second.

Trump is buying into it sooooooo….

They suck! I have very little on their exchange, trying to move everything off of it.

Why are you using such exchanges when there is binance and Kucoin?

the APP you used is not an EXCHANGE. the APP gives you broker fees.

I will never do serious things with this app . Very bad. Crypto .com is not recommended . Very odd fees and limitations . Bad support .

Crypto has insane spreads, use binance or kraken

At the end of the day. Not your keys not your coins

That’ll be the spread, and fees Make sure you check on what these are before using a platform in the future, CDC is especially shite

I feel like anything tied to the White House is seedy

I dont use any exchange like that. Havent for years. Only coinbase to buy eth or Sol rhen immediately send it to my other wallets for defi trading only. Way cheaper and access to earlier coins.

The confirmation screen shows the exact amount youre paying, not crypto.coms fault if you didnt check before confirming... But yeah crypto.com has an awfully high spread and will always lean towards one extreme or the other when using market orders...

CDC is dogshit let's stop beating around the bush

Crypto is going to Be P2P very soon cause no one will trust an exchange to much shade

It’s just you. I’ve never had a problem with support but also as acooper.com Visa card holder, we get priority support. People aren’t usually aware of the spread, or the fact that buying and selling crypto on the app is far more expensive than buying and selling crypto on their exchange. And they are definitely not shitty though they are heavily compliant to crypto regulations internationally, have been fully audited and have their reserves open for everyone to see. Crypto.com has a great ecosystem which includes their app, their exchange and their self custody wallet, which all integrate together very well.

The fee is in the spread. That's why they said no fee. Just like those shaddy ads you see back then. Item is free... Just pay for shipping. Use the crypto.com exchange app to do your trading.

I ❤️CRO personally

That coin is being manipulated heavily

They are the shitiest shit ever out of all the officially "approved " nowdays. Save your money ! Tell them: " fuck off scumbags " And don't forget shit on them everywhere possible. They deserved it.

[crypto.com]( is a good site to start your crypto life, then you must graduate into the DEX life. You will never buy or sell at the actual market price, there will be always a cut added to that price.

I feel like every crypto is shady you just have to pick the one that u feel is the least shadiest

Of course they are shady. Look at what they did to CRO

All of crypto is a scam, haven’t you figured this out yet? I own some but I don’t like anything about it and kinda hope the whole idea fades into Bolivian

Crypto Whales Pocket $4B In Profits, A Biggest Exit Since February

Hi fellow exit liquidity

Wow with 4B he can buy anything! Even more Bitcoin!

Everyone sells BTC at the price they deserve.

How Do I Well Diversify My Portfolio Between Stocks and Cryptos? I recently realized that managing multiple investments can get complicated. Between tracking different accounts, handling tax paperwork, and balancing risk, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed. I have been thinking a lot about how to diversify my portfolio effectively without overcomplicating things. That includes dealing in both U.S. equities as well as cryptocurrencies. I am interested in Web2 titans such as TSLA, NVDA, and META as much as BTC and best altcoins. The issue is that conventional brokerages make it hard, they are accompanied by stringent KYC regulations, residency limitations, high barrier to entry, as well as cumbersome tax and reporting mechanisms. Recent developments show some exchanges are already allowing users to buy U.S. stock alongside cryptocurrencies. Bitget is an example which has just launched this service. I am not recommending any platform per se but note it as an interesting factor since removal of classical boundaries might make it easy for an investor to manage a diversified set within a single environment. That made me think about how increased access can help investors in balancing risk exposure, tracking performance, and handling their portfolios more effectively. I'd like to know how you apply this in practice: 1. What are the screens an investor should apply in shifting between cryptocurrencies and equities in a portfolio? 2. What are the tools or methodologies you apply in tracking performance while issuing taxes in various forms of assets? 3. How do you handle risk when part of your portfolio is significantly more volatile than the rest? This question is mainly in search of effective approaches towards constructing a diversified portfolio with a focus on aspects including asset allocation, performance tracking, and risk reduction for both conventional and digital portfolios. Any knowledge or approaches which you found helpful would be extremely useful.

Buy stocks when it dips Buy crypto in bear market

For the most part, I just treat them the same. I ignore TA. I ignore influencers. I ignore social media hype. I smooth out the volatility by DCAing and holding for the long term. Instead of watching charts, I pay attention to the macro picture and look for strong assets that I think will benefit in the long run from those high-level changes. I’d say the big difference is diversification. That makes sense for stocks, but not for crypto. If you diversify too much in crypto, you just end up holding a bag full of worthless shitcoins. In crypto, it’s better to focus on a handful of reliable coins, with BTC and ETH as your core.

1. I don't really shift. I build both with a long term perspective mainly by buying the side that seems undervalued. 2. Banking app & wallet app basically are enough for me. I typically hold longer than a year, so I don't have to pay capital gains tax in Germany. 3. That's why you have the two sides of your portfolio. Not having all in one basket *is* the risk management.

Don't buy more than 20% of anything. Don't invest more than you can lose.

100% BTC, 0% stocks /s

Anyone who doesn’t require kyc is likely dodgy and not to be trusted with a serious portfolio

Supreme Court opened crypto wallets to surveillance; privacy must go onchain

That's a double edged sword. They (the gov) are looking at adopting blockchain for record keeping. We then can follow the money they claim to spend as well! 🤷‍♂️

That is one point for gold and one point for cash.

Makes me happy [Vitalik wants Ethereum to move towards privacy by default](

Thanks, Trump🙄

directly mix on Bitcoin -- decentralized project for a decade JoinMarket, hundreds of BTC of liquidity the GUI is :

Dutch Crypto Firm Amdax Launches Treasury with $23.3M Funding

1% is a very ambitious target for them to get to. Institutions are buying left, right centre

State of Crypto: Unsettled U.S. Crypto Tax Scene

Indian court sentences 14 to life in Bitcoin extortion case

Indians scamming or others related? Pikachu surprised face

Ethereum Leads Market While Altcoins Lose Ground – Details

ETH ATH then altcoins will pump come on guys we've seen this every time

If Eth keeps pumping it’s only a matter of time other alts catch up

Entering the point of .com where websites and word salad don't work... produce a product or service... or become obsolete.

ETH up 0.13% BTC up 0.3% Yeah, no one is leading shit.

ETH to BTC still pretty low in my opinion. People forget how high BTC went to it's ATH.

World Liberty Financial Signals Imminent Solana Rollout for USD1 Stablecoin

Donald about to make more money

Best Altcoins to Buy Now as Ripple CEO Predicts $25T Crypto Market by 2030

My coin isn't on this list so this list is shit.

Great predictions for crypto space, uses ETH trust to try and legitimise shit coins 🤦🏻‍♂️

Best Altcoin is yet to be launched.

And when I say the Crypto market will be $50T-$100T by 2035-2040 people keep arguing it won’t. It’s very easy to see.

$25T by 2030? Bold claim, but if it happens, layer-1 scaling solutions like Polygon and Avalanche will be HUGE. What other projects are positioned to benefit from mass adoption like that?

I trust Ripple, to screw us again.

Vitalik Buterin Warns of Quantum Threat to Bitcoin and Blockchain

with so many news and discordant opinions on this theme, I wonder what’s the real threat and how we can stay safe. It’s so confusing

I think I would have cashed out my wife changing gains before the threat arrives

AFAIK we don’t even have working quantum computers yet, just simulated ones

I mean, if it can crack crypto what's stopping it from cracking any other digital form of currency? Wouldn't that break essentially every form of cryptography within all aspects of our society not just crypto?

Realistically, if quantum computers were to break bitcoin, it wont just break into your private keys, its going to threaten all of encryption in tradefi. The global financial market would collapse at that point.

Why would we think that someone with the money and sophistication to be the first to crack Bitcoin with a quantum computer would be dumb enough to just dump all of that on the market immediately? I guess you could argue that some party may have incentive to want to sabotage Bitcoin, but it seems more likely that the first organizations to get there would be smart enough about selling off their stolen coin to not destroy the value of it.

Although it's looking negative at the moment, I am sure the problem will be resolved. Mister Buterin is super smart. He created Ethereum.

maybe Vitalik should follow his own beliefs and publish a BIP. don't just talk, walk!

The ticker is ETH!

When that time comes Blackrock will have so much influence over miners and Bitcoin.

Imagine Bitcoin is compromised by quantum computing and Eth survives?!

At least my bank account password 8 digit code is safe from quantum

Fight quantum with quantum.

Their will be networks that won't take this seriously until a network has been compromised via quantum. At that point it's too late. Honestly my biggest fear for BTC on a long term basis. I think their desire to not get hacked outweighs their desire to do what it takes to not get hacked.

Was he pruning his nose again instead of his blockchain 🤣

Yeah, dump btc because there is no Quantum threat to all the other secure networks

So thats how the winter will start this time

Isn't this all just FUD, we don't even have logical qubits yet, which is what's needed to crack any key, let alone needing thousands of these qubits. All we have are physical qubits which are proof of concept.

I mean - couldn’t individuals of said means safeguard BTC via Quantum Computing in the same way it’s vulnerable? * It’d be like trying to play slapsy’s with yourself: any quantum system powerful enough to infiltrate (even a safeguarded one) would leave too much of a footprint to stay anonymous.

I mean if the Bitcoin bridge gets ganked then that's a lot of ethereum's value gone. I mean if Bitcoin goes up ethereum goes up.

I hope so. I’d laugh so hard.

Quantum isn’t the threat, it’s normal ASICS once the block subsidy halves a few more times. You don’t need a quantum computer, just need it to be more profitable to attack the network than defend it.

More of this nonsense. Vitalik is a piece of trash. Quantum computing is all hype, no results, and many decades away from being anywhere close to a fraction of the compute power that exists already. Centralization is not the answer. Stop spreading FUD.

What is the incentive to hack bitcoin? Once bitcoin is hacked it is worthless You spend all that time and money and energy and resources trying to hack into a network, but once you do it is completely worthless and will have zero value. This is why proof of work is the best. The incentive isn’t to hack bitcoin, it’s to mine bitcoin. Hacking bitcoin will end up with you having access to what are now a bunch of shit coins. Mining for bitcoin will reward you with a block prize and for help securing the network Vitalik is a clown. There was a reason the bitcoin community kicked him out. No one should listen to this guy. He copied bitcoins protocol, changed some things. Pre mined a shit load of ETH before releasing it to the public. Why do people follow this dude?

Trump Eliminates De Minimis Shipping Exemption: What This Means for Crypto

Well there's a nothing article if ever I saw one.

I mean this does have very little impact on crypto but going to significantly impact American citizens

> Known as the “de minimis” exemption, this rule will likely affect small- and medium-sized businesses that relied on this duty-free status to lower overall costs. In the following weeks, shoppers expect elevated prices and fewer market options Not elevated prices. Small and medium merchants are not going to ship to the USA - not because the tariffs increase prices, but because the logistics of making tariff payments are too much work

I doubt this will affect US BTC hashrate much, these farms have plenty of money.

El Salvador relocates Bitcoin reserve into multiple wallets to reduce exposure to quantum attacks It seems that El Salvador is taking the quantum threat seriously.

Now someone explain to me how is spreading funds to multiple addresses safer than a single one, assuming quantum computers can crack a ''wallet''. Makes no sense to me.

Tech noob here:Iv only put bitcoin in my Trezor..Does that mean I’m safe since I have not broadcasted my public address? Iv only received have not sent any out

Who cares if they are in multiple wallets or one. If quantum computing cracks Bitcoin it will go to zero overnight.

I have always wondered how these reserve are managed, like the strategy one. Seems smart to have them differentiated on multiple wallets, and it's weird it wasn't done earlier

This thread is very informative thank you contributors

Multiple addresses, not multiple wallets. A Bitcoin wallet has many addresses. A Bitcoin address is single use. El Salvador's Bitcoin technical people were incompetent for choosing to reuse addresses

Interested to see what kind of impact news like this will have to already quantum resistant crypto options in the future.

Not as serious as Bitcoin Cash developers do :)

Probably unnecessary, but still smart

I would be more worried about a guy like that hacking the whole country reserve. Quantum is nothing yet.

Think this shift is not done because of quantum threat itself but also operational risks. Nevertheless the whole quantum discussion for BTC is a interesting topic, I recommend to watch some Talks with Hunter Beast on YouTube about BIP360 which is offering an answer how BTC might be shifted to quantum Secure Environment.

If they never spent from that address, it's kinda stupid to spread. If they spent from that address, the coins should automatically be moved to a fresh address. Smh

Isn't this just more points of attack to worry about.

Great and smart way

Embezzlement

Interesting, does this mean that the guy with the 5 billion BTC stash who recently has been buying ETH is vulnerable to these attacks?

A lot of the confusion here comes down to *when* a Bitcoin public key actually gets revealed. Until you spend from an address, all that's visible on-chain is a hash of the public key. Quantum computers are good at breaking elliptic curve cryptography (that's Shor's algorithm), but they're not magic hash-reversers. So unspent coins are relatively safe. The real risk starts when you spend, because then your public key goes public, and a quantum adversary could in theory race to derive your private key and sweep the funds. That's why splitting reserves across addresses, avoiding address reuse, and emptying addresses fully when spending are sensible steps. It doesn't eliminate the quantum threat (if/when it becomes real), but it reduces the attack surface and window of vulnerability.

Thats definitely a good thing.

El Salvador Bitcoin Reserve Moved $680M Amid Quantum Threats

It must be Quantum computing FUD day.

If one wallet is compromised, I think that would completely collapse confidence in the entire Bitcoin ecosystem.

nice move against cryptographically-relevant quantum computers that don't exist and won't exist for years and years, no corruption going on here.

This is the way.

"14 Wallets" - would be a cool title for a political thriller or a heist movie

Only a matter of time. Grandpa bitcoin going to be bye bye in 10 years. Buy Ether.

Pudgy Penguin launched a new "Crypto" Mobile Game that might be an example for the industry going forwards. The biggest complaint I hear when it comes to Crypto Games is: "Crypto Games need to be games first". Which is something the Pudgy Penguin / Mythical Team actually did, in fact it's difficult to find any relationship to crypto in the game. It seems purposefully obfuscated perhaps in an attempt to not scare away non crypto people from playing. # The Game: Pudgy Party Race, Survive, play King of the Hill, and Knock other survivors off the map. Start off in a group of 20 and win three rounds of different games to win the match and get rewards to level up your different penguins. **Here's what you should know:** The different penguins have different powers/abilities. The more you play the more you can level up the characters, some penguins specialize more in offense (swinging big club around to knock back other penguins), other penguins specialize in survival by giving you extra jumps, and other penguins specialize in speed and getting through the races faster. **To win a match you have to win three rounds:** * Top 10 of 20 (one game type is Top 15 of 20) * Top 5 of 10 * Top 1 of 5 But if you don't win that's ok you can back out and try again, there isn't really any ranking system or penalty if you don't win. You just simply don't come in first place. In races my favorite penguin so far was - Catto as they have the ability to leap forward which is invaluable in races. The Bad * It's not entirely clear what everything does, you've got four different type of "currency" type items that you can earn and it's now clear to me how three of them are used * The game is completely F2P and has quite a lot to offer but has a p2earn feature in which you can spend money to get the resources to level up your penguins or buy other things in the shop or "fish pass" a premium battle pass type item. (TBH this isn't necessarily bad - but it's not my favorite feature). \---- Will I be playing it again? Absolutely. If you want to watch gameplay I've uploaded a video of a match: [here](

Game looks like Fall Guys clone?

This is actually pretty smart. *Obscuring* the crypto mechanics is the key to mass adoption in gaming; no one wants to be lectured on blockchain while trying to win a penguin race. The real question is: will this model scale to more complex games, or is it limited to casual titles

*The actual NFT relationship is complicated and you have to go to another website to create and link an account to your pudgy party account and then manage crypto off of the app through that website.*... *It's not entirely clear what everything does, you've got four different type of "currency" type items that you can earn and it's now clear to me how three of them are used* These are the types of issues which are going to impair adoption/utilization to existing crypto holders who are just hoping for mass adoption uses cases. Agreed with the general point that obfuscating relation to crypto, such that the crypto element is essentially just used in the background so the average person is barely interacting directly with it, will be key. So long as it remains over-complicated an needing to engage with crypto infrastructure outside the game, it's going to remain a struggle to breakthrough.

Still think there's not an amazing game that also users can win actual crypto.

I can see Reddit copying it with Snoo and failing because their mismanagement.

If a game is a crypto game is doomed, if a game has crypto seamlessly embedded in it like this, it has a chance. Good job Pudgy Penguins

thank you for the detailed review! it does look promising, I will give it a try, even tho the fact you need to go to an external website for some NFT stuff isn't optimal. the gameplay seems fun too!

Congrats on top 1! Would love to learn some tips from you haha

Like it or not this token has a huge community behind it. I wouldn't be surprised if it flipped doge this cycle.

Gabe killing it, congrats

This looks like Wii from 20 years ago. We're desperately trying to get crypto into everything to find exit liquidity. It's cringe af if you ask me.

"Games first" excludes trashy money grab mobile games as a whole... Games first means crafting actual good games like Blizzard in their prime or valve, rockstargames in parts. (Wc3, SC, SC2, D2, WoW, LoL, Halflife, GTA etc you name it) And not fucking microtransaction shitfest your phone with whatever gar age name or animals attached Well at least imo

sold all my pudgy penguin for HBAR

I won first place my very first race!

Wow, what a great - shill

They should just do a blatant knock off of Mario party.

So this could've been a regular non-crypto game?

It's another copy of an existing game, down to the looks and assets: Fall guy (or Stumble guys, which is (F2P). Selling or auction skins or items has been in games for decades, not sure why it needs to be an NFT. So far not a single "blockchain game" has been unique or made proper use of the tech besides the obscure promise of "owning your asset". Which is bs, as the metadata is almost always hosted on IPFS, and can go down if nobody is paying for the pinning. All 3D asset or other associated ones are never open source, even if they were and the were somehow "on chain", what would you do with it?

The fact that they can so completely hide the crypto aspect basically just indicates how pointless NFTs really are.

The company behind this randomness is clearly paying a lot in PR money to push this. Just yesterday someone posted their own article (really just a glorified press release) that they paid Forbes to publish online. Some BS about how Pudgy Penguins are capturing the spirit of Swifties or some nonsense.

Bitcoin Slows Down, But Fall 2025 Could Ignite Its Biggest Rally Yet

“Could” is doing all the heavy lifting in that headline.

The bulls agree with you

As long as printers go prrrrrrrttttttt I am positive .. and they will go PPPPPPPRRRRRRRTTTTTTT

Lovely; this coincides with everything I have expected and planned <3

Or it could continue to slide as more and more people/institutions who rushed into it learn about its flaws.

'Red September' Is Coming—Here's What to Expect From the Bitcoin Market

Weren't the last 2 September's green?

Historically, September has been one of the weakest months for Bitcoin. Since 2013, most Septembers have closed red.. usually because of Q3 sell-offs, tax deadlines, and traders de-risking. That’s why it gets the “Red September” tag. But here’s the kicker.. while Septembers are often red, Q4 usually flips green. October, November, and December have historically brought some of the strongest rallies (2017, 2020, 2023 are good examples). Right now, BTC is consolidating around key support zones. If history repeats, we could see a dip of 10–20% from current levels in September before finding support (that’s been the typical range in past cycles). Some years it’s been smaller, some years worse, but double-digit pullbacks in September aren’t unusual. Looking ahead: Short term (this month) → expect choppy moves, maybe one last shakeout. Medium term (1–2 years) → dips like these usually turn into great entries. Long term (5+ years) → scarcity + adoption narrative still intact, which is why the “just HODL” strategy has worked better than trying to time tops and bottoms. If you’re playing it safe, dollar-cost averaging into BTC (and maybe ETH) is probably the most stress-free approach. Red months often end up being the best buying opportunities once you zoom out.

This is the calm before the storm in November/December

Thanks ChatGPT.

4 green, 8 red. That's absolute bullshit and doesn't mean there's even a correlation. People who believe in this also think the die is rigged because they got a 6 three times in a row.

If the fed cuts rates, this month might go a different direction.

I'm gonna load up with all my paychecks this month then

Considering that BTC, ETH and co already dropped over the last week, how likely that they drop further? Looks currently that the support level is strong

I expect a green monthly candle solely because you all expect red.

Will believe it when i see it

Every year it’s ’Wake me up Wen September ends”, GREED !!

Dumptember incoming. Sell now and buy back 10% lower. Easy winning strategy.

This year we’ve really seen the ‘Red September’ narrative being pushed heavily. Becoming clearer it won’t happen and it’s just a shake out or it’s already priced in.

3.77% average loss is minor.

that got front run

This September will be different

Tired of the red. Green please

Ethereum Foundation Temporary Pauses Open Grant Submissions Due to a High Influx of Applications The Ethereum Foundation's Ecosystem Support Program (ESP) has paused open grant applications to redesign its approach, focusing on strategic initiatives. The ESP team will continue supporting active grantees and provide non-financial support. Future updates on the program's refined priorities and approach are expected in Q4 2025. The Ethereum Foundation will continue funding new projects, with a focus on layer-1 scaling, reducing network costs, and improving user experience, with interoperability being a key priority.

Tether Brings USDT to Bitcoin's Ecosystem Through RGB

It’s ALWAYS the same pattern… consolidation, capitulation, breakout, and rally. ALWAYS. We‘re at the capitulation stage presently. Not too much to go, maybe 2 weeks. There will be a reward.

Altcoin Index climbed to 60 while the Fear and Greed Index dropped into fear, that's rare..

Came back here to let y'all know i touched some grass today and smelled some fresh air. Life is better when you're not glued to the charts 24/7

I thought everyone wanted it to drop to get more?

we are back to FEAR

I bought the top... For the third cycle in a row 💩🤡😵☠️

Any Crypto Channel with their mouth open in the thumbnail will get the "Do not recommend this channel" click.

We are in Alternative season: where Bitcoin is above 100k and most altcoins are where they were when BTC was less than 60k

Who's ready to roundtrip again?

I want to tell you all what I thought was extremely healthy yesterday. BTC crashed to 107, and ETH wouldn't move too close to even 4300. Something is happening. IMO September pump.

Wait until later today or tmw. Some whale decides to dump 3B again to take it to sub 100

Calling it now: the bottom is in on ethereum. What we saw the last 2 days was probably de-risking by investors worried about Septemeber. But Sep will surprise us in a good way. It will all start with a cold CPI print. Hold onto your ballz!

Am i seeing small signs of recovery or am I delulu

Told myself after the last downturn I will sell at break even. Get my pump yesterday putting me in green and I held. Back to red we are.

CRO is 30cts again

bottom is in right?

How come "influencers" only call the top after a dump? It's like, "Hey, I just sold after this dump to 108k. 124k was the top." How come they don't call the top when it's actually the top. For example, when it actually hits 124k? Like, "Yo, this is it! This is the top! 124k is the top!"

Who still has hope for this cycle ?

This is not altseason, this is hell

What is your favourite shitcoin in the market ?

When's the next AMA with Sandeep?

CRO about to run up again?

Stop the dip from dipping.

It's going down forever Laura

We shouldn't expect anything crazy until there are actual rate cuts.

Idk why altcoin index is rising

This is the greatest bullrun in the history of mankind

Looks like alts are ready to go nuts if btc makes any kind of recovery

Can anybody reach the pump button? Hit that thing!

Red-tember is coming and BTC still over 100k

Anyone else feel like incredibly bullish? Like we're close to ripping ATHs and everything when nobody expects it?

negative inflows for both btc and eth etfs

no one can call me lucky to make money because the pressure from this market is too much to bear 🏐🏐💎

What would happen to Crypto is Trump is really dead?

SNEK is here!!

Someone wants you to sell.

A Snek on top of the Daily makes it all better. :)

alts wrecked

I cannot begin to tell you how unbelievably happy that Snek makes me.

CRO is Him

For the last few hours we've been fairly flat, which usually means we are getting ready for a big move. Up or down is the question.

“AS YOU CAN SEE, WE HAVE HIT THE BOTTOM ALREADY. GOING SIDEWAYS UNTIL MONDAY. THEN IT’S MONEY MAKING TIME. THE BIGGEST MONEY. EVERYONE KNOWS IT. THE FUTURE IS BRIGHT, INCREDIBLE, AND TOTALLY UNSTOPPABLE. Thank you for your attention to this matter.” — Office of Donald J. Trump

Buying back the BTC I sold at $123,456.78 for $106,789.10…

Burgers woke up early

Most mentions on r/cc (2025-08-29 00:00:00): ||Mentions| |:-|:-| |BTC|166| |ETH|63| |MOON|44| |XRP|36| |CRO|25| |SOL|23| |LINK|20| |XMR|10| |ME|9| |HOME|8| |MOVE|8| |NANO|8| |SAFE|8| |AVAX|7| |FLOW|7| |00|6| |SNT|6| |AAVE|5| |ADA|5| |BNB|5| [Data source and app](

No movement at all today

This feels like the season the writers jumped the shark

On days like this, when your random ALT coin (Polygon) is making a run....hmm?

Will we make it today?

Dont want it to happen but looks like a visit to the 50 week moving average for btc is about to happen, my poor alts

I honestly need this dip so I can deploy more capital at decent levels. I don’t think Bitcoin was ever going straight up to 150k-200k and ETH going to 10-15k. The important part is after this dip, we or I need a second rally. Buying the dip could just be exit liquidity if we continue to go down and enter a bear market.

Volume looks dead again

CRO about to jump to 1 dollar now that the shenanigans are over.

ADA about to explode 🌋🌋🌋

Do you have a favourite shitcoin in your portfolio ?

What is the best platform regarding fees to buy slightly larger amounts of BTC (50-100K USD)

Wen is the Moon Week ?

2000 active users on /cc daily avg, think about it

Are we back?

Total crypto market cap is only like 10% away from ATH. Do NOT panic.

What’s with these Trump has died rumours?

I always love when DCA day comes, especially when it's the weekend!

wrecktember

We dippin or we pampin?

I hope we don’t see another btc dump on low volume.

Maybe this is the btc dump we need so alts can boom . Btc dominance is at 57%

So is this the work of trump and his boys again? Pump Cro with the money they invested, sell bitcoin to crash it and then sell cro as now it’s on another discount price?

Wake me up when September ends.

That big green line is the line that goes from the beginning to now, across all tops besides the last one which went above this line. Now we are very close to what is a straight line from the tops. Still bullish I think. The red and green lines form the channel we have been surfing downwards. The red lines below are the closest bottoms to 108k (107,520 and 105,391 respectively). I was hoping we could sweep liquidity going down to these lows and then a hard reversal to the upside for some weeks to a new ATH of hopefully around 150-160k. What do you think?

What's up with Bonk?

There are 21 million BTC, how many ETH are there

many shcoins are pumping while BTC and many large market cap coins are stagnant, I am considering selling

Aero leading the charge

25,000 Moons bought just hours ago by another advertiser, and more cheap selling pressure had been deleted forever. Half a million Moons burned in the past 90 days, only around 50M left in total circulation I know many dislike it since Reddit left the project to the community but the tokenomics of our MOONs are undeniable and so is our unique use case.

Blackrock please buy the dip, we won't call financial system corrupt or dream about toppling it ever again, just pump our bags please.

CRO ready to run again

Guess I’ll buy more after watching 25k vaporize the last 14 days.

ALL THE WLFI HATERS IN FULL EFFECT GET READY FOR SEPT 1st ITS 🇺🇸CRYPTO DAY ALL YOU SIDELINED LOSERS CAN EITHER HATE OR JOIN THE PARTY WORLD LIBERTY FINANCE IS COMING FOR YOU 🦅☝️

POL is silently recovering

WORLD LIBERTY FINANCE WLFI - TRADING BEGINS MONDAY SEPT 1st This sub about to have a full on meltdown when it sucks all the liquidity from all your alts 🦅☝️

Zero recovery after this "dump" means we are fucked

Today, if Ethereum tanked 50% ( which easily happens all the time) and Tether marketcap increased by 50% (which it has done in last 1 year), then Vitalik's fans will see a different kind of flippening, the one that was always on the cards. So Tether will keep the trend, its a business, with its customers and real world use cases. Eth is propped just by nerdtastic/clever marketing and hopium. The flippening is going to happen, its up for debate when, in which year.

5aC7DM8QPhJnxWuuvxB8r6g99qHhCwBF45XQWMorpump

Does CoinMarketCap Suck? Good: * User-friendly interface for prices, charts, and watchlists: CoinMarketCap's design emphasizes simplicity, allowing easy navigation for real-time data tracking, which is why it's often recommended for casual users. * Great for beginners with educational resources: The platform's Academy section provides comprehensive free content on crypto basics, helping newcomers understand terms and markets without overwhelming them. * Binance backing means vast data access: Since the 2020 acquisition by Binance, CoinMarketCap integrates extensive exchange data, offering detailed rankings and metrics for over 10,000 cryptocurrencies. Bad: * Data inaccuracies and fake volumes: Investigations have shown inflated trading volumes from certain exchanges, leading CoinMarketCap to implement transparency measures like liquidity scores to combat wash trading. * Spam-filled community forums: The forums suffer from automated bots and promotional spam, prompting moderation rules, but users still report difficulty finding meaningful discussions amid the noise. * Glitchy app and ads everywhere: App users frequently encounter bugs like crashing during high volatility, while pervasive ads disrupt the experience, especially on mobile versions. Ugly: * Overloaded with scams; easy for newbies to get rug-pulled: The site's vast listings include high-risk tokens without sufficient vetting, making it a common entry point for fraudulent schemes that exploit inexperienced investors. * Poor support and slow updates: Customer service is often described as unresponsive, with delays in data refreshes during market events frustrating traders who rely on timely information. * Privacy concerns post-FTX: Following the 2022 FTX fallout, heightened scrutiny revealed vulnerabilities in data handling, leading to enhanced security protocols but lingering user distrust.

I use Coin Gecko religiously.

Yes, so does life.

Moved from cmc to coin gecko last year and never looked back

Definitely use CoinGecko. Coinmarketcap is shady

Nothing I've found elsewhere beats the historic snapshots. If you have an alternative, please tell me.

CMC is fine if you just want a quick glance at prices, but it's been carrying baggage for years. Fake volumes, the Korea-price debacle in 2018, and now the Binance ownership question. CoinGecko isn't perfect either, but it feels more community-oriented and less conflicted. What most people here are really doing is splitting duties: CMC for news/AI blurbs, CG for reliable APIs and alerts, maybe Messari or TradingView for deeper analysis. No single site nails it all.

I only use it as my portfolio tracker, it's ok. seems a bit buggy sometimes, I don't necessarily trust some of the numbers it shows me as they seem wrong at times and seem to change when they shouldn't. But just as a way to track my transactions and see roughly what I have it's pretty good

It's owned by binance, so yes

Sigh another AI post...

Bitcoin Whale Sitting on $5 Billion Dumps More BTC to Buy Ethereum

Why ETH go down? I want ETH go up.

Whale is buying ETH now at $4300 instead of $1400 like it was back in April (the ETHBTC bottom) Don't follow this whale...

Didn't this happen last week too? Or is this the same story?

Both are down! Lol

we thank him for his sacrifice!

Wtf is up with the Bitcoin subreddit banning people who even mention Ethereum? Super petty

There’s some ETH SPACs coming up that I’m sure people are getting private placement in

Follow the whale….he knows something

Follow the money, literally This is Ethereums time to shine right now

It’s the bald Chinese guy (CZ) dumping and manipulating

Good, more btc on sale

Low IQ move.

Top Crypto Exchanges August 2025 After a quiet first half of the year, Q3 has flipped the script. Institutional inflows, improved public sentiment, and emerging regulatory clarity have accelerated what now looks like the start of a full-blown bull cycle. # Exchange-by-Exchange Breakdown 1. **Binance – Best for Liquidity & Market Depth in 2025** Binance continues to lead the market with $2.2 trillion in Q1 spot volume and a 35.39% Q2 market share. The exchange supports over 1,800 trading pairs and remains a cornerstone for high-liquidity trading. 2. **Bitget – Best Crypto Exchange for Copy Trading & Spot Volume Growth** Bitget recorded $2.08 trillion in Q1 trading volume, with a 159% QoQ spot growth and over 120 million users. In Q2, Bitget added over 2 million users and ranked third in global spot volume. The platform’s copy trading and futures offerings continue to attract users. Bitget also completed its first quarterly burn of 30 million BGB tokens, reinforcing its updated deflationary model. 3. **Coinbase – Leading U.S. Crypto Exchange for Institutional Access** Coinbase remains the U.S. market leader with over 110 million users. Its derivatives business surged 6200% YoY, driven by expanded perpetual listings.

I always had faith in Binance from the beginning, it's been really good

The Greenest Cryptos: Which Coins Use the Least Energy?

Hedera is carbon negative. Partners with bccarbon, and has dovu with the carbon credit marketplace.

Energy efficiency and price aren't correlated, unfortunately

Energy is a security budget. So the ones that use the least energy are the least secure.

Lol no mention of Kaspa despite emissions falling off in less than 9 years. Kaspa relies on solar, hydro and wind

Bit limited when it doesn’t even touch on other major coins which are carbon neutral

Taylor Swift Fandom Shows Why Pudgy Party Leads Crypto Gaming

LOL, posting your own dreck that you somehow convinced Forbes to post despite being PR nonsense. Do you ever sit down and wonder why you get paid to write things like this, trying to claim that some fly-by-night crypto game is akin to reclaiming humanity or some BS?

Right..... ?

Always trying to bring up some famous person or company to shill a coin for no reason lol

Who is Taylor Swift?

Lol, not everything has to do with her

Qubic hasn't stopped with their attack on the Monero Network - Here's how you can help Qubic recently staged a sustained attack (which is still going on) on the Monero Network, gaining majority control over its hashrate and triggering fears of a 51% attack that destabilized Monero’s blockchain and exposed key security vulnerabilities. Orphaned blocks are not added to the main Monero blockchain, often due to normal competition between miners or temporary network splits. Current stats: * 65 (9.03%) block(s) produced by known pools have been orphaned in last 720 blocks (about 24 hours). * 68 (9.44%) block(s) produced by unknown pools or solo miners have been orphaned in last 720 blocks. Source: # If you want to help out Monero while mine some XMR for yourself : **Easy & Fast Way:** 1. Head to [gupax.io, 3. Enter your xmr address 4. Start p2pool, start xmrig # or **Official (detailed) way:** 1. Download Official Monero and P2Pool Software * Download the latest Monero CLI or GUI wallet and node (monerod) from the official Monero website. * Download P2Pool from its official GitHub repository (github.com/SChernykh/p2pool). 2. Sync Monero Node * Run monerod and allow it to fully sync with the blockchain. This process may take hours or even days depending on your system. 3. Start P2Pool * Launch P2Pool and link it to your Monero node and mainnet wallet address. * Example command: text ./p2pool --host 127.0.0.1. * The --mini flag is optional and enables more frequent, smaller payouts. 4. Run Mining Software (XMRig) * Download XMRig from its GitHub page and configure it to connect to your local P2Pool node. * Example command: text xmrig -o 127.0.0.1:3333 and 37889 (P2Pool P2P) for best connectivity.

This explains the how but I am not sure it explains on the why.

Thanks for this simple tutorial. Monero must survive!

I'm doing my part!

Why should I want to “help” Monero? The current problem is indicative of a failed network that is not sustainable. The coin has proven itself to be unreliable and I would divest, if I owned any.

I wish I could help, but I really don't care

A well designed blockchain should not need help for something like this. Sorry, but no. If it dies, it dies.

Thanks for the guide i set it up and joined qubic pool to help them with 51% attack

Do I need to port forward or otherwise configure my router in order to mine XMR?

Well, it is a flaw that the "Cum-from-Behind" guy showed the Monero devs, so i'm wondering what the monero devs themselves are doing about it. Fork it like Eth classic?

Hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha

This thing is dead. Stop trying to shill your bags. It was bad tech to start with and got exploited. Don’t call it an attack lol. Qubic wants to make money

Why do we need to help? If I'm behind on my mortgage, would Monero help me?

qubic isn’t even attacking monero, is just mining it lol

POW showing the issues of POW… POS is the way

Better to let it die, and focus on something with a future: coinjojn and input aggregation.

South Korea cracks down on crypto scam after BTS star Jungkook hit in 39 billion hack - CoinJournal

Cases like this show how large-scale scams work. Attackers don’t just go after one wallet, they exploit weak points across entire systems. In South Korea’s case, they got into government and financial portals, used that data for SIM swaps, and then pushed into bank and crypto accounts. Once they control a phone number, bypassing security checks becomes much easier. The Jungkook attempt is what grabbed headlines, but what’s more worrying is how many business leaders, lawyers, and everyday investors were quietly hit. The playbook is familiar: steal personal data, create fake mobile accounts, and drain funds. Even if banks and exchanges catch some of it, the losses pile up fast. For anyone following this, the lesson is to assume your personal data is already circulating and focus on making it useless to scammers. Stronger authentication, monitoring unusual activity, and not trusting SMS codes alone can make the difference.

Ethereum ETFs on track for $4 billion in August inflows while Bitcoin funds face outflows

Money flowing from BTC to Eth just like 4 years ago, the cycle repeats

Ethereum on-chain volumes reach highest since 2021 this August

46.9 Million transactions in August on Ethereum. Curiosity got the better of me. This equates to 0.24% of the average monthly transactions on Visa's network. There's still plenty of room to grow, so keep stocking up!

It’s the silver to Bitcoin’s gold, get in now if you can before the big boys start splashing the market.

High volatility right now

Interesting that bitcoins is at its lowest since 2011 was it?

"Hey Ethereum, OP says your on-chain volumes have reached their highest since 2021" "Yeah I'm taking a huge dump on the markets right now"

If you just send eth to yourself you increase the "volume". If you start touting volume numbers as significant people will just make them up. Trade volume on exchanges are also the same which is why coinmarketcap has a confidence score on if it believes the number is real or not. In general it's just bad practice to go by transactional volume or exchange trade volume, all things volume should be ignored

Why are public companies moving BILLIONS into Bitcoin? Podcast with Gemini and Empery Digital

The answer is "price goes up"

Businesses kept seeing us crypto warriors buying high and selling low. They were jealous and wanted in.

Vitalik: 20% Chance Quantum Computers Break Crypto by 2030 and when eth breaking highs!

I Want To Thank Everyone Here.... For the advice that was given to me last night, about my considerations regarding attempting recovery over scammed Crypto from 4 years ago. I decided to ask the fella a question earlier that was brought up on these forums, and he still demanded payment up front, and I simply declined; I'm done, that's it. I did want to clarify however the reason I fell for a scammer to begin with; I don't mean the "recoverers" that I chanced, I mean where it originally started: Back in 2021, I desperately wanted to get my money out of the US Dollar, and had heard Crypto promoted via various influencers on Youtube and other places I was at. The thing with me is....I never really know where to go to get into almost *anything,* so--looking back in hindsight-- like a dumbass, I posted on my Twitter newsfeed that I wanted to get into Crypto, and of course all the scam artists rushed to get in good with me. Please bear in mind though, had it not been for the scam artists, I wouldn't even know about Coinbase today, nor would I have gotten the chance to see what little Bitcoin I had left on there skyrocket in value. So while I did lose a bit of money to that initial scammer, at least I learned about Coinbase from it, and actually have some XRP on there ATM; barely anything, but I'm just watching it ebb and flow now, and that's it. I wouldn't even know how to go about doing *that* had I not interacted with the initial scammer. I instead now am invested in a physical investment, and it's one I...actually kinda wanted to do for quite some time, but again....*didn't even know how to go about it*, honestly. Thankfully a representative for it happened to be in a group I chat in, so I was easily set up for it a short time later, and I've been enjoying doing that ever since. So once again, thank you so much for your assistance this morning--even those of you who think I should never do anything online ever again--as I now feel a definitive peace of mind over it, moving forward. You folks enjoy your Crypto, as you seem to know WTF you're actually doing with it, and have a great day :)

You could have googled that and would have learned about coinbase without getting scammed. Sounds like you are about to get scammed again. Is this a scam so that people DM you and you scam them?. So offense but you seem a little slow.

i thought op was going to say he reached out to his scammer and they got married kinda a sad story tbh, missed opp for a summer wedding

Proposal for Development of Proof-of-Work Memecoins Hi everyone, I would like to share a paper draft: "Capturing and Distributing Cryptographic Luck: From NFTs and Meme Coins with Inherent Value to Future SuperCurrencies" DOI: [ The basic idea is surprisingly simple and underexplored: a vanity address for a smart contract (hosting, for example, a standard ERC-20 token) could be the memecoin name itself. For example: 0xBadFace0fDecade... (for Ethereum-style hexadecimal addresses) or something like FightFightFight... (in Base58, possibly on Solana, Tron, etc.). If such addresses with a very high or even extreme difficulty were mined collaboratively, and the resulting (fixed-supply) assets were distributed to a very large number of contributing miners (which will require substantial development work), these could serve as an almost ideal decentralized mediums of exchange. It's speculative mainly regarding adoption, but interesting from game-theoretic perpespectives. The main point is that the "shares" registered by the miners have no "value" until the desired asset is discovered. So unlike in the case of e.g. Bitcoin, the early miners would not get such an asymmetric advantage in a prolonged search - the coin does not exist during the mining, older shares become diluted, the time until discovery is uncertain, and its potential market value is unknown. And what is likely most important, there is no "final" asset to be discovered. Each time more people join or the mining efficiency increases, we get access to more difficult (and potentially more culturally significant) artifacts, distributed to a growing population of participants. The incentives are more similar to a lottery - it seems "reasonable" to get some shares, but not to dominate the search. I'd be really glad for any feedback; even critical comments are welcome. Thanks, Tristan Badface P.S. I have also created a community [r/CryptographicLuck]( for related discussions.

I can’t tell if you are the first to come up with this, but from my view its just another NFT like asset. It might succeed, but I feel it will end up as meaningless as the majority of NFTs....

I definitely got lost in the (vague) details here, Just as a starter, there's tons of mineable memecoins, heck, doge was the original memecoin and you can still mine it / merge mine it with LTC or other Scrypt coins... However - this is definitely a different idea than straight mining an actual blockchain to get token rewards, BUT - I have NO idea based on this what the miners would actually be "mining" or doing (No final asset to get paid confuses me for sure)

What makes a crypto project spark investment? Hey y'all, I'm working on a crypto project that is nearly done. But I'm a software person, not financial, and I'm struggling like heck to get anyone interested in investment. There are a ton of cool crypto integrations designed to explore new ways to use the technology. It is potentially interesting and profitable. But basically zero responses to email and twitter outreach. And let's be frank, not all crypto projects that get investment turn out to be good. Which begs the question of what really matters when inspiring initial investment. So rather than shilling (which hasn't worked anyway) I'm trying to figure out: What makes you want to invest? From your casual crypto bro to professional blockchain VCs, what sparks your interest? What makes you repsond to a shilling developer and actually move forward on the process? Because I sure as heck don't get it yet. And my runway's almost out so I need to get a handle on the investment game.

Practical, tangible use case resolving a real world issue, not something that just shuffles the bits differently on the backend.

In general it's just the usefulness but specifically from a early stage investing viewpoint in crypto, it's probably riding a hot narrative(like memecoin launchpads, DATs, AI, RWA-facing DeFi currently) or being a value-add to the rest of the investor's portfolio(eg if a fund invested in SUI and your project was built on SUI).

Cool name. Look at Trumpcoin and fartcoin or doge.

Use cases. If I can't use it for something new that another Crypto Token/Blockchain isn't already doing, AND actually useful - pretty basic here, if it's not doing something new, or doing it better than what was there before it, it's next to useless.

I won't kid you because I am in a similar situation, though not for investment purposes [as the project I am contributing to practical has that covered], people follow hype and noise. And when there is a huge gathering that is where investors want to be. Nobody cares if your product solves world hunger or time travels, if you can't attract a huge following then it's seen as "useless".

Literally just hype. The actual product is irrelevant. Anyone saying otherwise is deluding themselves or it's their first cycle.

A lot of people think their idea is brilliant or useful and most apps are useless. Feel free to dm me more info on your project and I’ll look at it. Crypto people love gambling so your potential revenue needs to be very good

not being so obviously an idiot has got to amount for something. look at betterbank on pulsechain. call this a cautionary tale. dude's auditors tell him he's vulnerable to exploit, he looks at it and says "well like omg that will never happen" week later, exactly that happens. turns he didn't know his auditors were seriously serious, and the auditor he employed apparently didn't know they were supposed to be serious. so now he says he's got competent devs, like you know a bunch. are you going to listen to an audit though? well like you know i trust my devs.... i want to not make the same mistake again so i'm going to do exactly what i did before but like you know better. i think being an idiot actually sparks investments. your most active market is going to be people who have no idea what's going on, but are in someway told they're a part of the family and actively enmeshed in the project. if you do that, you can just steal from them and they'll take it because you're like you know and stuff... i'm serious. try being dumber, people will find it more relatable.

Stupid name

The insane returns, what everyone calls wife-changing profits.

Why this Trump-CDC deal is a red flag for Cronos holders and crypto in general I’m genuinely unsettled by the news that Trump Media & Technology Group (TMTG) is rolling out a $6.4 billion Cronos (CRO) treasury strategy in partnership with CDC and Yorkville Acquisition. It’s not just the optics, but also a disturbing reminder that when politics and tokenomics collide, investors often lose. Let’s not forget what happened with the infamous 70 billion CRO burn. Back in 2021, CDC announced one of the largest token burns in history, selling it as a way to make the supply scarcer and benefit the community. But earlier this year they turned around and announced a proposal to re-mint that exact same 70 billion CRO into a so-called “Cronos Strategic Reserve.” The community was overwhelmingly against it, and yet in the final hours of the vote, a flood of votes suddenly appeared and passed the proposal. Most people believe it came from Crypto.com-controlled validators who hold the majority of voting power. That wasn’t governance, that was theater. If a company can reverse a burn whenever they feel like it, what does decentralization even mean? And honestly, this isn’t the first time trust has been broken. People forget that the project originally started as Monaco (MCO) in 2017, then got rebranded to CDC Coin, later being rebranded again finally as Cronos. That move alienated a lot of early backers and left scars in the community. From the very beginning, it was clear that continuity and credibility were not priorities, and we’re still paying the price today. Now we’re adding politics into the equation. Trump Media’s new structure will hold billions in CRO, run validator nodes and even trade under a flashy SPAC ticker. This isn’t ecosystem growth, it’s a headline pump tied to political incentives. When politicians start entangling themselves directly with token treasuries, it turns into a cash grab, not a decentralized movement. It feels like decisions are made behind closed doors while the community is left holding the bag. For me, this deal destroys any remaining trust. A token whose supply can be unburned, whose governance can be overridden, and whose future is tied to political PR stunts is not a token that respects its community. If CDC ever cared about decentralization, this latest move proves how little it meant. I hope I’m wrong, but right now this looks like the worst-case alignment of manipulated governance, broken promises, and political cash grabs. And I can’t see how Cronos holders come out of this with anything other than more reasons to distrust the project. **TL;DR** Cronos has a history of broken trust (the 70B “un-burn,” the Monaco rebrand mess) and now it’s getting tangled with Trump Media in a $6.4B CRO treasury scheme. This isn’t decentralization, it’s political theater and it leaves the community with even fewer reasons to trust Crypto.com.

You've got to assume at this point anyone still holding CRO is either a rube, or a gambler.

every Trump deal is a red flag for everyone

Don’t buy centralized shitcoins. You will get screwed. Simple as that

I know crypto bros are supposed to love him because he's gonna pump our bags into the end of the cycle, but long term Trump is de-legitimizing crypto in the eyes of normies. Aligning so closely with an obvious fascist is not a good look.

Inverse reddit. I repeat, Inverse reddit.

People have been saying to sell ever since I heard about cro, and those people are specifically on reddit. But wild that it only comes up so much when the price moves up lol

Cro = CDC shares which is more than 90% of other cryptos.

Sometimes I forget we're all here for the tech and not the money 💰

Crypto.com is an amazing url to own.

I agree but there’s money to be made either way. If your early and biased against the HODEL ride or die mentality you can make some fun gambles

I remember getting rugged on Monaco. Learned a lot and for that I am thankful. Kris is a grifter and Trump is the greatest grifter of all time (no shade he really is the GOAT) so it’s a perfect match.

Don’t worry the FOMO crowd just got dumped on as if that wasn’t predictable

What’s the purpose of this grift? Is it just that crypto dot com agreed to give the loser in chief $50 million?

Obviously it is not decentralized. CRO is controlled by [crypto.com]( like BNB is controlled by Binance. The million dollar question is: why the CRO market cap is 100 times less than the BNB market cap?

Can we just let him pump it so I'm not longer bagholding like a dolt? Ty

my issue with the Trump deal is its not based on sound Tokenomics. the Cronos chain is very centralized around CDC and this is a huge red flag, and instead of correcting this problem, CDC has found ways to aggrigate it by concentrating more CRO in the hands the few.

This is the painful aspect of DAO. The big cooperations will never hand you actual voting rights, the small guys might never make it to launch stage. As for Trump and CRO, The smart thing to do is set your P/L.

Mafia in plain view

Its definitely worrying that such a huge player in the "legit" crypto ecosystem would so brazenly take part in a massive piece of bs, but, if we all voted on which it woulda been, i bet cdc woulda won...

Simple don’t buy CRO avoid CRO never trade CRO

Yea its stupid and complete grift... but the holders will boot lick Trump and Crypto Com because of it.

Trump deal is a red flag?????? Who would have quite possibly thought that.

Climate change

All of this was my first reaction. I'm in crypto to hedge against the current system. A project with trump's name isn't one I want to be in. I sold after I saw the initial popup in the app.

Crazy spread and high fee. Crypto.com with its scamy CRO tokens lost much of crypto community last cycle already. Never going back.

Anything a lefty got to say shouldnt be taken at face value. Trump tanks the stock market and they cried about their 401ks and how stocks would never recover and what happen. 6 months later made new ALL TIME HIGHS. A whole bunch of FUD going on

Next FTX is being set up!

Having grown up in the NYC area, I've known Trump since the 80's. I completely trust him to be poison to anything he touches with nearly a 100% record of success. This is no different.

I went against my feelings and dropped a full $15 into CDC this week. I'm willing to risk that without caring. Crypto is s gamble anyways.

When you sit in pop too long you can’t smell it anymore. I will not be a part, or spend any money in any venture where Trump is involved. RIP CRO.

CRO fucked me along time ago, I’ll never go back

Sold all my cro 3 weeks ago. You’re welcome

It still baffles me, that they paid $10 million for the domain Crypto.com 🙃

Fun observation: the whole Monaco rebrand must have been inspired by the game. Because the full title is: Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine. Which is obviously how CDC views their users holdings.

this deal looks sketchy politics and crypto rarely mix well feels like a trust nightmare for holders

Oh yeah dude... after that shit CDC can suck my dick. This deal is a fucking jooooke

Got out as quick as possible with that pump. Not looking back

Smart ones already learned from previous bullshit. Geniuses already knew the first time to avoid it.

Crypto.com has always been the biggest scammer in the space since there inception, they are literally at the same level as ripple with their blatant disregard for tokenomics or investor support, and nothing they’ve ever built has actually provided anything better then what was already available by better crypto platforms and players with actual ethics. Buying the domain early was the one smart move they made and that’s all it took for most to fall in line.

I do opposite of Trump and Kramer and it’s a 100% win. It’s the KRUMP!

CRO is just kind of a bad network. I don't see much value in the token.

tl;dr Orange man bad. TV man said so. I have original opinions.

Bitcoin Dominance Below 60%: Green Light for 2025 Altcoin Season

Ok I'll do the opposite! Sell all my alts and wait for the dip.

It has been under 60% for weeks now lol

BTC D was below 60% for a while now. It's not like this is something new

Trustworthy looking source for sure :| (I mean, if it's legit stats, really doesn't make a huge difference of source I suppose either way)

it's just when people think they know what's coming that they get fucked up 🙃

Brah alts continue to be cooked

I'm so glad that this crypto journalist or bot finally gave the green light for altcoin szn to finally start /s

LOL. The shit coin market of the past is never coming back.

BTC took this seriously and is now taking back its BTC dominance.

Bitcoin still bigger than all shitcoins including stablecoins combined.

Oh shut up about alt season, it's not 2021 anymore

U.S. Regulator Opens Pathway for Americans to Trade on Offshore Crypto Exchanges

lots of pathways opened lately, but people only want number going up🙃

Would this mean that I could finally log into my Kucoin account and transfer my money back to me lmao 😭

Historic First: U.S. Government Posts GDP Data On Bitcoin Blockchain

I wanna see Trump/His son's personal Crypto holdings, The swift change in tune over the last couple of years really pushes me to think their holdings in Crypto must outweigh cash holdings at this point. I don't mean this as a negative (or a positive obviously) - just purely curious as I'd bet watching their wallets would be a fairly easy way to also "predict" market moves when they made large moves.

South Korea Busts Hacking Syndicate After Multi-Million Dollar Crypto Losses - Decrypt

Eric Trump Praises China’s Role in Bitcoin, Says U.S. and Beijing Are ‘Leading the Way’

China has a role in cryptocurrency despite the best efforts of its government….

Hey Eric try and convince India to get on board.

LOL PRC banned it's citizen to own, trade Bitcoin.

Why is this slope so slippery, dangit

Wen long-term meets short-term chaos 😂

Time to put that $150 into some amazing shitcoins for a quick 100x.

In 1956 100k USD was worth more than today's 1 milion USD

my decline was even quicker than the old man with white hair and a pained smile 🫠

For one you set a time line of years. For other just 1h. What a fair comparation... At least compare 100k in 2009 in bitcoin to the same amount now

Crypto Guys 2011: $25 2025: $110 K

Easiest way to become a millionaire in crypto, is to start as a billionaire

100K in 1956 was a lot. 100K in 2025 is shit.

The casino always wins, ODD !!

He's right. We need to brutally manipulate the market in our favor!

crypto is the most fun gambling casino in the world. Gamble your life away. We have nothing to lose anyway. This generation is fucked.

AndItsGone.gif

Martin Scorsese will never make a film about Warren Buffett.

It can rise just as easy though

Put the second T on Buffett, son, or maybe you mean cash is losing value.

Took me a whole 3 minutes to get it. Gaddam

100k in 1956 would roughly be equivalent to 1,200,000 dollars. They say the first 100k is the toughest ya know. Lol

Unless you just forget your crypto on Nexo for a year and come back to some couple of thousands in interest

absolute proof the market is being heavily manipulated by the higher.... 76billion dollar 24h transaction data and BTC is in the negative!!!!! Evil scum bags! We all need to put a stop to this,#Trump if your actually a good guy this is what he should be tracking absolute joke wrote a post and they deleted it, this is clearly heavy market manipulation from the banks or wallstreet they are suppressing the price, 24houvolume is at 76billion for BTC and around the same for ETH!!!!! Evil scum are suppressing the price

The sad reality

lol stealing wsb memes. you clowns couldnt have an original idea to save your lives

You must really suck at crypto.

Crypto's killer app

US banks moved $312B in dirty money, but critics still blame crypto

I can hear my uncle: *But this cryptobit, that's just for criminals, right?* It's always fascinating to see how most people just buy the mainstream media narrative for anything they have no insight into.

Youre not thinking about scale. Take the amount of dirty money transacted by crypto and multipy it by the factor that crypto is smaller than banks (like 1000). Take the product and THEN compare it to 312B.

As long as the penalty is figured into the cost of doing business, this will always remain prevalent.

crypto is traceable, cash is not. how is the traceable thing the thing that is breaking the law?

let them blame whatever they need to blame, this is like people blaming playing call of duty for the kids shootings in the schools

Fiat is dirty money.

Bitcoin Becomes Wall Street’s Favorite Wild Card

Calling BTC a wild card makes sense: institutions see it as both a hedge and a high-risk asset. It doesn’t behave like stocks or bonds, which is why portfolios often treat it as an uncorrelated, optional bet.

From the most hated asset to the "favorite wild card"

Lol when traditional bank now saying bitcoin is undervalued vs gold 🤣 Feels like they want to get masses in for one final pump before start dumping on everyone.

bit late to call it a wild card 😆

Sure, it gives them an easy way to make money

Bitcoin's New Kingdom: A Deep Dive into Who Owns the $2.25 Trillion Asset in 2025.

why I am not in that list with my 0,00000000075% holdings?

So basically, governments, companies, DeFi, miners… and me with my 0.0003 BTC holding the line.

I'm genuinely astonished that the share of retail ownership is that high. Gives some context to the "this time its different" noise. The massive majority is still in the hands of the crowd...

Too bad they didn’t show the % of btc that is lost

Asking About the Legitimacy of a Crypto Recovery Expert So, some backstory: Back in 2021, I got scammed out of $1.050 by a fella on Twitter; I still have our entire conversation, and even took screenshots of the websites he gave me to send my Crypto to, and Coinbase still has the records of the transactions where I sent it over. When I saw someone on Twitter, a few days ago, bring up that he'd been scammed out of over $20K in Crypto, I brought up that I had too, and I saw people responding to my post, recommending I talk to certain people about recovery. I unfortunately fell for ANOTHER scammer in the process, who said he could recover my Crypto for $150 "gas" fee, and then just as he claimed he was about to send me back, made up some bullshit excuse to try to get an additional $400 out of me, claiming I'd be getting $35K back, and I noped out. I've been talking to a fellow on there named Shield Hunters who says he can recover my Crypto for $300, and that since my transaction was so long ago, it would probably be worth around $5K today; interestingly enough, when I went back on Coinbase, the .22 that was left in my account since then had ballooned to nearly $7, so I guess it's possible. Before I send this fella the money to recover my Crypto, I wanted to check to see if any of you had any thoughts about it? It seems no matter who I'd try to recover it thru, whether scammer or someone "legit", it'd cost me an arm and a leg no matter what. Please let me know, so I can have peace of mind in making an educated decision. Thanks so much.

All scams. There is no way to get your money back

All are scammers, no one is able to recover for you

You really should think about stop using the internet if it's this easy to scam you.

Something telling me you will get scammed again and that will not be the last time you get scammed.

Anyone claiming they can recover crypto is a scammer, especially if they ask for payment up front. In the rare cases that it might be legitimate, and for the rare cases that it could be recovered (99.99% unlikely), they will just take their fee from the funds recovered. Never pay up front.

The only legit recovery people help people who have lost like part of their key or know some of it but forgot a few words. Then you can have hope of brute forcing it. No one can recover it from a scenario like this

Once your crypto has left your wallet, it's gone. There is no such thing as "recovering" your crypto. If you've written down a seed word incorrectly, you may be able to use btcrecover (by yourself) to work out the missing word, but when the money is gone, it's gone.

All the DM's you're receiving now are scammers too.

Lol I can recover it for you for 1 million Ugandan dollars

The recovery scam will try to scam you for more. The thing is you have been scammed before. So scammers see this as if this person is scammed once maybe we can get him/her again

How are they claiming they are going to recover your funds, exactly? What’s their methodology?

You got scammed TWICE already and now you are thinking about doing that AGAIN? When will you learn?

As others have said, it’s all a scam. The whole point of crypto is that it is not subject to a government or any authority. And it takes a government or governing authority to conduct a chargeback. No such entity exists, by the very nature of crypto. Never, ever trust anyone in the crypto world unless you have code to enforce the agreement. And if you don’t know how to code an agreement, trust no one.

This is why crypto will never replace banks

Sadly, there’s no legitimate service that can magically recover stolen or scammed crypto. Once funds leave your wallet, unless law enforcement can trace and seize them from an exchange, they’re basically gone. Anyone asking for upfront fees to ‘recover’ them is almost always a scammer.

In the crypto space, basically, you cant trust anyone who asks you to put in money.

if anyone can recover your money its the exchange only

Oh my goodness… wtf. You have no business being online. Reminds me of that famous proverb Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice shame on me, fool me three times then let’s go onto Reddit and ask a bunch of strangers what to do

ngl thats hilarious its like you need 3 times to get fucked over to understand its enough listen to random people on interwebs

There actually are a few legit recovery teams. First off, the time has been so long the odds are near zero. Most of the people commenting in here are crypto noobs. Most are scams, not all

WLFI and ALTS - set for the biggest launch ever it's eerily quiet on social media on this but World Liberty Financjal is going to be the biggest crypto launch we have ever seen. 1. Only 5% of WLFI supply will unlock at launch on Monday, creating massive scarcity with futures already pricing in $0.3 (implying only a 30B FDV). Even if you give WLFI a low valuation of 3.1B (similar to $trump now), based on circulating supply, that would mean each WLFI token will be worth 0.62! let's recall what happened with $trump, it hit $27B at launch. if WLFI does the same, it means WLFI could potentially even hit $3-5 on launch day, 10x-15x what it is now. 2. ALT5 Sigma (nasdaq ticker: ALTS) bought in WLFI at $0.20, issuing stock at $7.50. Creating a 1.5B treasury for WLFI. What happens if WLFI even just hit $1? that means ALTS would 5x its holdings! Massive undervaluation. 3. WLFI is not a memecoin project like $trump, it is their proper defi project. WLFI's USD1 stablecoin already live on Coinbase and Binance, already one of the largest stablecoins. USD1 already has a market cap of 2.7B just a few months after launch. Watch out USDC, USDT. Built-in reflexive feedback: scarcity + hype + big bags = volatility and upside. The conditions are set for a “violent pump” at launch on Monday. Just be ready. disclaimer, my bags are full of WLFI and ALTS.

Im immune to the hype around Trump related tokens, so im going to skip this. Good luck bro.

>creating massive scarcity with futures already pricing in $0.3 (implying only a 30B FDV) Things like this always go south. Scarcity alone will not help and I don't see much of a hype. Just a few guys who hope to find enough exit liquidity

Wild timing tbh. I saw Bitget already opened WLFI pre-market a while back around $0.20–0.24 range, and now it’s closer to $0.37–0.40. Early birds had the chance to stack at lower prices before all this media noise. Crazy how much politics and crypto keep intersecting lately

september will be green well if not all then atleast half of it, because if we take trumps memecoin he released it at perfect timing when market was pumping, he knows when its green light when its red light

If I was an insider, I'd be dumping as fast as possible. There will be massive volatility. Probably a pump at launch then a massive dump.

Got wrecked too hard on TRUMP. At least it’s good for memes. Can’t say the same for WLFI.

Lots of people are going to lose on this scam...shame

Which blockchain are they using?

What can i use as a somewhat good measure of when its a nice time to invest 15k on Crypto, which Cryptos, and when to withdraw again? [Novice here] What can i use as a somewhat good measure of when its a nice time to invest 15k on Crypto, which Cryptos, and when to withdraw again? [Novice here] whwhwyyaqyqyqyayaysysyeuwjwhzgahquahsheuwhabsh1uahsudjdhfieowsbsuwiahsuiiqqoajzhsushshshshsu727363633636363636363633661615w53525252535253535353535353535335335353535353535353535353535353534535335535353535353535353535353535353533535353535353535335353535353. What can i use as a somewhat good measure of when its a nice time to invest 15k on Crypto, which Cryptos, and when to withdraw again? [Novice here] whwhwyyaqyqyqyayaysysyeuwjwhzgahquahsheuwhabsh1uahsudjdhfieowsbsuwiahsuiiqqoajzhsushshshshsu727363633636363636363633661615w535252525352535353535353535353353353535353535353535353535353535345353355353535353535353535353535353535335353535353535353353535353

Buy when the Suicide Hotline gets posted. Sell when normal people come into the sub asking when and how to buy Crypto.

Magic Eight Ball

Stay away from small caps and probably away from coins outside the top 20-50. Dca in, set targets and stick to those targets when they are reached

Well, not now. You would be buying the top. If you really feel like you need exposure, consider a buffered position if you wanting to lump in right now. Otherwise, wait till all this shit retraces 50%.

Suicide hotline is definitive a very good buy signal

When everyone is FUDing crypto, not when everyone is dreaming of the Moon

“When the taxi driver asks you what to buy, you should be buying . When he tells you to buy a particular coin; you should be selling

Step 1: Don’t drop 15k all at once. Step 2: Don’t let Reddit pick your coins. Step 3: Don’t type like your keyboard just had a seizure.

You are literally asking how to get rich, if anyone here knew, we wouldnt here, we would be on a yacht with a dozen girls partying.

Its always the best time just go for it dont miss your chance. It will always go up and down this is the circle of crypto just invest what you cant afford to lose if it goes to zero.

Cryptocurrency markets are speculative, 100% irrational Nobody can reliably advise you when to buy

If i had your 15k to invest rn, I would spend $200 each month from the top 20 MC coins. There’s a dude here who does kind of the same, and so far it worked, and for a good reason. In the long run, big projects return profit.

I look at the crypto fear and greed index, buy when it's under 30, sell when it's above 80

go all in on one of the top 25 right now. sell for profit in november.

Saylor’s Bitcoin Whale Keeps Growing, Even as Buying Pace Slows

Does BTC dip because Saylor buys less, or is it just Saylor buying less because BTC dips?

“Saylor slowing down is like someone saying they’re ‘cutting carbs’ after eating the whole bakery. Still, his stack shows what consistent accumulation over years can do, regardless of short-term pace.

Ofc acquisition is going to slow, sht is getting more expensive

Saylor buys off exchanges which will not affect the price movement of BTC. He has to raise convertible debt to buy more. Yes this is ETH season and big players are interested. No matter what Saylor will keep stacking low and slow if the tide is not in BTC favor.

just a little scratch

Let me guess the inflation data is going to be high then it’s going to cause a negative news about interest rate cuts then we begin bloody September as always . September is always a blood bath and I’m guess it’s going to be the same till September 17th and see what the rates come down or not

I was having a lot of fun with this about 6 weeks ago but ever since that person sold that stack of btc it’s been a miserable existence in crypto lol

Just like that back to the levels from mondays crash smfh when stocks literally still chasing ATHs

Lots of people who bought between 60-100k and desperate to sell at a profit who don't want to wait another 4 years.

One day i will be a whale and pump on these burger mother**s

Markets might end the day green while crypto prob bleeds another 5 %

We’re at the sell the rumour and sell the news stage it seems

Well, time to close the charts, catch some fresh air and come back next month! It's been a while since I went outside

I’ve done around 15 laddered purchases during the dip today and each of them is already underwater 😍

Are ya winning son?

I didn't need a reason to drink tonight but it's nice to know I got one.

Who do I need to thank for this shit?

this makes me sad angry disappointed 😔

Every time it goes below my cost basis; I buy more 😂 when it’s green I wish I bought more and when it’s red I wish I sold

Exactly what we all were saying. Stocks rally and bitcoin dumps, next day, stocks dump and crypto dumps even more

What the fuck it’s still going for it 🙂

Stonk market is down, it's not just crypto. This will recover

Wow All The gains completely gone, guess I'll go back to my infinite dca plan. Remember one day there might be an alt season where you can escape 0x0 😍😍😍

BTC RSI is at 30. Are we nearing the bottom

The last buying opportunity is coming this September before we go to the promised land.

Normally I say people here are over-reacting but this time I understand the frustration. The entire powell pump was pretty much wiped out for no reason (a BTC whale sold a lot via a market order and crashed the price 3%, sending everything else into a downtrend.) And then Nvidia earnings dragged us down, but even though their own stock price recovered, we are still down. Really frustrating. But let's hope for a good PCE print today, even though it's for July and not August, and I still think there's a good chance ETH will recover above $5k by monday.

Are you barn animals really trying to predict price action based on what month it is? That’s your investment thesis? 😂 Why not look at the weather forecast too? Or who’s front running the Bolivian football league?

We just keep on dumping, its incredible

Are you seeing what I'm seeing ? The price is not moving an inch for 10 minutes now. Is it only me ? What's going on ?

Prices aren’t moving wtf?

Bro what's happening seriously. First binance says futures are bugged, now this. Wtf is going on

Hide the pain

People were soooo happy when the big hedge funds started buying BTC They are the ones who won't let you all have a shot anymore

Oh, I predict a red weekend

Kind of expected the leg down tbh. It drops 10% in 2 days and couldn’t recover 1%

Alt season is fucked. Too many coins nowadays. It ain’t 2017 no more.

I should have bought stocks instead of crypto

Sold. Tired of this disappointing market and with red September coming. I’ll just wait until the market picks a direction first to reinvest. There’s no excitement for crypto at the moment to push prices up

Thats why most retail interest is low af. Clown market

So that was the legendary altseason. Altcoins not going lower then april’s lows were reason enough to call this altseason. Got it.

I hate when shorts make money.

So what happened to "web 3"? Is it still a thing? Does anyone even know WTF "web 3" is/was?

Gold now on its way to $4000. Bitcoin and gold swapping rallies.

Wtf is going on . Its scary

Wtf was that ?

How is btc dom so low and alts have still not started doing that thing they do? Is btc dom a redundant indicator of the events?

Looks like September came early

Whole market is down and long weekend right?

What a fantastic bull market

Man, I love the current sentiment in here. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that right now is the prime opportunity to load up.

I contemplated selling yesterday after that mini pump. For the first time this cycle my gut was telling me to exit. I've been buying BTC during bear so conviction is not lacking, but at some point you have to ask yourself how much more profit do you need? Greed can be as bad as fear. I haven't had a good felling about the market ever since we barely touched new ATH and dumped right after.

Panic selling

Another day in the bull market, another nonstop sell off

are ya winning son?

Bottomless pit

NGL just bought more BTC here. I’m on the side of believing we have another leg up to come. But if we don’t and a bear market really begins? That’s fine, won’t be my first one and I’ll buy all the way down just like last time

Not a good day for long positions made 10 hours ago

Just bought some more bitcoin! !gif

Bitcoin could literally be the cure for cancer and would still dump. Seriously wtf is going on?

Crypto is the stock market’s punching bag. Crypto reminds everyone that you need to stomach a 70% loss to gain 5%

Double top PTSD intensifies

One blessing. September is only a 30 day month.

I think, and don't quote me on this, that we're going to have a green candle of less than 1%, followed by a red candle of less than 1%. No idea what happens after that but for those of you locked into the 1 minute chart this is vital information! (This is purely a joke, it's Friday...enjoy your day!)

There's probably a lot of money on the sidelines that still has PTSD from what happened in December. Nobody wants to go all-in as long as the Fed can pull plug at any moment for any fickle reason.

The great thing about crypto is that it cannot go up if stocks are down but it doesnt normally go up if stocks are up either

I guess the smart thing to do was to rush for the exit on that little pump.

People are forgetting that the halving this cycle was 21 days before the halving previously. I’m willing to bet(and have by buying the last couple months during dips with margin) that this correction is what we experienced last cycle during September. Which should mean we rip this year.

I dont understand CMC placing altseason indicator at 50. Alts going 10% one day up and dumping 20% is no altseason, but more like shitseason. Altseason is alts going one day 30/40%, get a correction of 10%, consolidate and another leg up of 30/40%.

This is why no one will ever fully buy into bitcoin. Continues to flush randomly for no reason

Can’t wait for burgers to wake up and go valhala on dumping everything

Wait for Burgers to dump further

We’re back. The patient still has pulse Edit: patient back in a coma

Burgers have insane commitment towards being assholes to the rest of the world

This cycle has been the worst. You would think ETFs and so much adaptation it would be less volatile. But it continues to act like a penny stock. Starting to think the ponzi and penny stock theories are true

Every comment here is the dumbest shit lol

Thoughts on next bear market, if it comes? My original plan was BTC only but I’m now thinking 50/50 BTC/ETH.

Has trading stopped. ?

defending 111k!!!!

Have we been hacked

Do we have an explanation? Any news?

btc etf inflow is higher than eth etf today. something has changed.

This shit is so weird lol what is going on

CRAZY VOLATILITY. that waterfall was god damn brutal

waterfall dop

4 hour RSI breached successfully

Hold on to your butts.

Fear, the city is rank with it

Just heard on the podcast “The Wolf of All Streets” one commentator referring to Crypto.com Look, we all know the guys a grifter and doesn’t do ANYTHING if there’s not the ability to make vast sums of money and screw someone else so here’s what I can’t figure out… “What’s in it for him?” Is he going to somehow use Cronus in government affairs and rug pull bitcoin? It’s something, I just don’t know what….

I'm in it for the tech anyway. 🤥

The market wants me to buy the dip of the dip of the dip.

3 weeks of bleeding btc, we may be boiled alive.

September started early this year

BTC shit the bed.

So tired of the doom & gloom. This is crypto ffs - volatility is expected.

This sub has gotten so dead, i am basically reading every single comment posted, everyday, and i dont even have to scroll that far

Kind of crazy that the Jackson hole speech ended up being a huge scam wick that faded out like some kind of penny stock pump. I guess anything is always possible in the market.

Kinda looks like some are using this pump to run to the exit.

Everytime it seems like the dump is over, it seems to always dump harder smfh

Just need to dip 1K more for a fucking massive wall of liquidations. 😂 After that a wipeout the other way, of course.

The sky is falling.

Fed governor Daly with the dovish remarks right now and most Trump tariffs just ruled illegal. The supercycle is yet to come. (Trust me bro.)

The real alt season were the friends we didn’t make along the way

When do you think this cycle will end? Some people are getting worried and think we are about to top but others disagree. A lot seem to say a 4 year cycle will happen yet again. I think it's a good idea to find out what people think because it helps us trade. Let's come back to this poll in the future to see if we got it right. I reckon some will sell at the 4 year mark but others will hold as usual. Maybe there are more 4 year cycle believers in crypto of those that have been in the community for a long time and wall street might think otherwise. [View Poll](

The truth is, no one knows, everyone is just randomly guessing, and even if they guess right, it’s all luck.

I am aiming towards between mid October and mid November

one option is missing, the one I'd vote for: - I don't know a shit about fuck

What's coming is not the end of the cycle but the end of cycles.

Given how weak this year has been for investors in anything but BTC im hoping for second half of 2026 getting Jerome out and hitting the top during the summer would be nice. Because im sure the new guy Trump is looking at will be more rate cut friendly. Theres still a chance rate cuts next month help the market ascend to euphoric levels and we see it top around the usual timeframe which is Nov/Dec. So all hope isnt lost just yet. Given how this year has gone i wouldnt be surprised one bit to see the bull run extended.

Historically, Bitcoin has followed \~4-year cycles tied to the halving. But as institutional involvement grows, cycle length and volatility could change. Some argue we’ll move toward lengthened cycles or even a supercycle as crypto integrates deeper into traditional finance.

You forgot another option ''It has ended''

no one knows - this is all guessing.

The possibility that we've had double top is looking a bit more likely after abysmal 2 weeks since ATH.

Try to realize the truth ... there is no cycle

Nobody here knows shit about fuck.

the shortened cycle is the normal cycle though

Lenghtned cycle due to rate cut delays.

So far 55% think the top will be in before 2026. Which means I will still be in crypto in 2026 because you have to go against the crowd unless they get something else wrong like the price target. You probably have no idea what I mean.

There is a chance this cycle will not really end until the next US presidential elections. The current administration is heavily invested in crypto and can easily send it higher anytime. I would start to be worried when they start cashing out.

Dec 2024- Alts

October is historically good for BTC. Let the cycle play out then get ready to buy the big dip in late 2026.

Trumpenomics shits the bed, inflation goes thru the roof, no-one wants to buy dollars, it's over soon. Maybe?

It ended like last week

With institution being the biggest buyers, as long as the gains aren't massive within a short period of time, then it could continue till 1 year before presidential election, the biggest fear for crypto right now would easily be uncertainly how hostile democrats will be towards crypto.

It will last until March 2028 when the powers that be do something to sabotage the economy to ruin Vance and bring the UBI socialists in.

Most won't agree The best buying opportunities always come when almost nobody believes, when fewer than five people out of 100 are bullish and the rest are too scared to enter. That’s when the market hands out its greatest rewards. I remember when Bitcoin was at $15k. Everyone was calling for $10k, $8k, even $5k. Fear was everywhere. But that was the lowest point before the real takeoff. I kept stacking more Bitcoin, and history proved it right. Now I see the same setup with XNO. The crowd is silent, the volume looks dead, and confidence is at its weakest. Same with ETH, most people think it was dead, That’s exactly why it’s the perfect entry. Markets are built on disbelief, Most won’t agree with me now, and that’s fine. They’ll only see it once XNO is already 3x, 5x, or 10x higher. By then, it’ll be too late. [Bitcoin 16k , My buy Entry ](

A shill post for an alt down 99.98 percent (lmao) masquerading as a "buy low" post. Nice try buster.

>The best buying opportunities always come when almost nobody believes, Not true. A lot of ppl lost belief in a lot of alts from previous cycles. Many of them did actually asymptote to zero, Don't confuse catching falling knives as an opportunity.

I'm pretty sure most agree about buying low and selling high... Or is this wallstreetbets

I’m sorry you have such heavy bags.

dude the issue is that shitcoins, memecoins and rug pulls also say "buy the dip" but if your randomly investing 99/100 your just losing more money lmao

The opposite is the truth robot dude

Okay so sell everything and buy XNO, whats stopping you if you are so confident about it, go ahead, im watching

Everyone ignores it now, everyone FOMOs later. That’s how cycles work. But while low-volume disbelief can be a good entry, remember small-cap coins don’t always get their ‘BTC moment’, sometimes they just fade.

Call me crazy, XNO about to explode 3x I’m spotting a massive megaphone pattern forming over the past year, while most altcoins were stuck in bearish trends, XNO has been quietly setting up the perfect breakout structure. Once this thing pumps, it won’t just move, it will explode. Despite weeks of low volume, the pressure is building for what could become the biggest pump in years. Sure, plenty of altcoins look bullish right now, but my focus stays locked on XNO. Why? Because it’s not just another crypto, it’s the next Bitcoin, the only one that embodies pure money-crypto principles. Forget the hype projects chasing narratives. XNO has the strongest use case in the entire space: instant, feeless, green, unstoppable transactions. Whether you agree or not doesn’t change the truth, XNO is designed to win. Mark my words: XNO to the moon 🚀💥

You're crazy.

You’re crazy

You are crazy

Is shitcoin shilling a top sign?

You're crazy

\*checks post history\* confirms XNO maxi. fuck out of here with this garbage back to the nerds at r/XNO

I like how you've tried to pump XNO without actually giving any information about how it's better than anything else. If you're gonna shill, at least put in some minimal effort to sound convincing.

a “megaphone” pattern……. 😭🤡

Ok good bot.

Is going boom soon

Bitcoin to hit $1.3M by 2035 as institutions drive demand: Bitwise

These predictions are trash, they couldn't predict the value of BTC 24 hours in to the future, let alone 10 years away

My mom also said that so must be true

Nice, just bought another $100k

They always make sure these predictions are a nice and forgettable distance into the future.

It better, gotdamit. Darla’s been on my ass about getting a new blanket for winter

They buy via ETFs and hope price will go up lol

Remember when they said we would be using btc to buy everything we wanted from a chipotle burrito to gasoline? Yeah. I remember. It went from “this is the new currency” to “this is digital gold!!” 🤷‍♂️

These predictions are top signals. They want you To buy their bags

Smells like BS

Bitcoin has no real purpose. Bitcoin is to the 21st century what purchasing stocks on credit was to 1929. If at any point there’s a selloff and exchanges can’t keep up with the cash outlay, there will be a great big rug pull. It’s a tale as old as tulips.

Whatever to get views.

Let me pull a number out of my ass.

!withdraw 10 MOON

But how much does a banana cost then, for scale.

So were using our made up numbers now? Ok, so I’ll be worth 10 trillion in 2035 because my mommy said I was a very special boy.

That...and money printer go crazy brrrr devaluing the dollar.

Ethereum Labeled 'Wall Street Token' as Banks Adapt to Stablecoin Demands

but the btc chart is better. /s

The token layer war will probably be won by Solana. It's so much faster and cheaper than ETH. Also ETH has all of these VC deadweights hung around its neck, like albatrosses. They want money for doing nothing. Meanwhile Solana keep improving and setting new performance records.

Tether Brings USDT to Bitcoin Via Layer-2 Network RGB - Decrypt

Lfg! Stablecoin integration expands Bitcoin utility, bullish development.

USDT was originally a token supported by the Bitcoin Omni layer. It was a long time before it moved to an ETH contract

Who'd have thought this would be the bull run of stablecoins...

What could go wrong? BTC blocks get full so fast, it's not suitable as a Layer 2 at all. But maybe this is a good way to fill the BTC blocks so miners can get paid astronomical fees again? Taproot Wizards are dead so they need a new scam.

What tools do you use to track whales? I’ve been into onchain tracking for a while following wallets, analyzing their entries and exits, sometimes even catching a move before it shows up on Twitter. But it’s still more of a niche hobby for me. I usually go through platforms like CryptoRank or Dune, and sometimes check Twitter accounts like Whale Alert. Recently, I noticed that Bitget launched the Smart Money Leaderboard (Phase 1). Basically, you submit addresses of high-performing wallets, and if they’re validated, you get rewards. I’d like to give it a try not really for the rewards, but more as a “personal test” of the hours I spend digging into onchain data. That made me realize I might need something a bit more professional to take it further. 👉 So I’m curious: what tools or methods do you use to track whales / smart wallets? Do you prefer onchain dashboards, Telegram alerts, private bots, or even your own custom scripts?

OP, This sub is full of down voting morons. Try [ [

Dive in the ocean..🙂

None, I dgaf what they do

Moby AI at X

i just track reddit. this sub hasn't yet put on the bull blinders yet so nothing is happening. honestly i just wish it would all be over soon. there are things worse than being broke and this is one of them.

Question about Wexagon My girlfriend is at work and she sent me a screenshot of an ad that popped on her YouTube shorts showing Elon Musk apparently partnering or making a new crypto exchange website called Wexagon at Wexagon.com In this ad it says to use code SPACE6 to claim 17100 USD. She asked me to check it out so I did. I used burner emails and info when creating the account and the code credited .15 BTC to the account which is uh close but not quite 17100 USD. However in order to withdraw it. It is asking for verification of identity in the form of a minimum purchase of .0016 or .00016 BTC, whichever one is closer to 200 USD. I can’t find literally any information on this website or any sort of affiliation with Elon Musk. Literally nothing on the webs about the site. My assumption is that it is a sort of semi complex scam trying to fish people out of money. Posted here wondering if there was anyone else at all that might have heard of the site or anything else in regards to the topic.

Do you seriously believe that you will get 17000 USD for free? Come on dude

It's a very obvious scam and I think you should not post this fucking URL OP...

"I went to uni for "cybersecurity" & "I didn’t fall for it"..."i am not that gullible"..." i was bored".... dude so why posting this when you are so experienced ? So redundant. jfc

Its a scam, and don't worry if you fall for it, this one was designed for you (or rather your mind). Learn the lesson now, you get nothing for free and if you think you do, then you are the product.

This is a very common basic scam thats been going on for years. Literally hundreds of clones of this scam are spun up each month. They plague YouTube comments, videos, X, and many other platforms. Elon himself said none of his companies would ever launch a crypto. "To be super clear, none of my companies will ever create a crypto token" Whats your question? Its just a played out common scam. the domain is only 11 days old

Why touch anything associated with Elon Muskn't?

What if crypto in general turns out to be the IBM of web 3? Electricity use goes brrrrrr . While the planet melts. What if , Power grids fail, & supply chains are interrupted. Which will help or hold value? an MRE or tokens? fresh water spring or 1000 fartcoin? A solar + wind + hydro or some combo of energy capture, nuclear etc… garden or crypto? Will a dollar help heat your house during the winter in this scenario? Not for long. Im not a doomer and appreciate what crypto is capable of doing in terms of giving power back to the people and chance to have free and fair elections or have taxation with representation (unlike today in the US) Its hard not to see institutional money and dark energies taking over projects like this. Orwell could’ve told you better than me surely but tell me this? If $5 can generate a crypto with a $5000 market cap 100 times a second, what is the point of it. YZY just launched a new moonshot hitting 1b marketcap overnight, my crypto got ignored. I expected that but its sad how many cryptos getting traded, and the cult of abc maxis drum on… will downvote me for speaking what anyone will think… minus the thought and knowledge I have. Example: back in 2015 it was $2000 and I tried to convince many people the upside. They laughed and called it a scam every time. I knew the rules and the potential, i even bought a whole coin with all my paychecks (barely ate or drank water) just grinded and it affected my mental health. Every time I went to buy again it had gone up another crazy number until I was buying it at $11,000 a coin (it only jumped to $10k but the upscale on the site i used made it more.) Problem is , I had a gambling addiction. I got quite good at x4 my deposits or more. One time I made 750,000 or .75 off 60k… another time I did 20k into 250k (a bot did it for me actually. I was working at the hospital watching a sick guy.) i remember staring at my stats from my phone at the red light rushing to turn off my bot which had malfunctioned lol … i ended up losing it all that night after i made a dare to myself to do a 100k on x4 and run away and not sweat the result. It crashed on 4.02x that round. I didnt have the balls to run away and that caused me to snap more mentally. Ended up breaking my arm and losing my job too after my brother woke me up at like 6:30 am after having just fallen asleep. I swear he did it on purpose because my keys were in plain sight. I told him he could take my car to The store. Why would he wake me up like that? Then my mom refused to let me buy at $10,000 because they wanted my money to finish a project. I could afford .3 )or 300k( the wooden floor is where my investment was spent. ) by the time I had gotten only ~half the cash back crypto had already doubled. Kinda lost hope again after Coinbase wouldn’t let me swap for usd on ADAs peak and then when my bag was $10,000 I was sad about losing half. Asked and begged myself to sell but stubbornly refused and then my long term relationship fell apart and I started wasting it all on vapes as it crashed . (Really dumb move.) I calculated it and and our floor would be $1 million or more if it had gone to crypto holdings. I could weatherize this house and hire someone to clean off the dust. If I hadnt gambled and lost so much I wouldn’t have broken my arm… which snowballed after I also got hit in the eye over a semi misunderstanding, (and the guy, my uncle, didnt like my face. Maybe jealous Im not bad health like him and have traits like my dad. Who many in my area have a problem with due to how he was a cocky sort of martial arts guy who got caught up in the opiod epidemic. He broke his back and hooked.) Split ways at 11 yrs old. If you haven’t heard of the opioid epidemic, look up Netflix’s painkiller or a documentary. My point here is most people didn’t believe and are getting left behind, and higher it goes , less chance for everyone to adopt cryptos (and their constant pump and dumps) Later I got attacked several more times after going in and out of hospitals. And now I can barely walk… not blaming anyone but myself , but I knew a lot of this was coming. Ive seen a lot of signs sent directly to my phone. Agents taking over npcs. You can call this the schizophrenia if you want, but they do toy with us in multiple ways. (My point being that all my efforts and failures were bad and I’m probably not the only one.) Couldn’t the whole orange B cult and the rest be another psy-op to make us forget about our connection to the real world and it’s requirements. How much do you rely on the supply chain and electricity to exist? The bots will downvote (and have removed this story 12 dozen times now, so I must be right.) — if it causes one real One ☝️ to think or respect my journey at all , it was worth the share. I cant tell you where we’re headed, but I can say the Elites often masquerade as rich and fake it til you make it tactics as nepotism babies… Trump tower as a glaring example. His scams go back wide and far, as do his crimes, but none of that seems to matter as we cant crack through the divides between worlds. An excellent heel to the world to unite against. An excellent example of how power is shared. I wont say the villain word, and its all speculative anyway. I can’t determine how much is a script anymore but everything just feels so incompetent and incomplete. Males get hurt at birth often and their parts used judiciously for those 1st class citizens. Ive written a lot of this type of content, and I say, where are you on the totem poll? If crypto is their true endgame, we might move up a tier as a whole coiner, but at what cost? The rest of the people who cant afford even 500 tokens left to rot like the bananas they are? 🤷 I put a deal of time into this. Pls dont make a billionaire cry by downdooting. Remember ive been in this game since 2011… I could have power or influence, jk. But I did have $3200 saved up that same year and knew of the one project out… earned from my Walmart days and online connections. (Overnight stocking is also bad for mental health btw.)

i ain’t reading all that schizo rambling.

This is a bot.

what the fuck is this shit?

How do I delete someone else's post?

I think you need a therapist, my friend

Despite all the crazy nonsense you typed, the question in the header is a good question. Btc could very well be AOL, bringing the technology to the masses, but can't keep up. Eth could very well be IBM or Dell, or pets.com - an obvious improvement and good idea, but fails to make it in the end. Web 3.0 could very well create a decentralized Internet that doesn't use crypto the way we think about it, at all. I honestly think for web 3.0 to take off, it'll have to be with crypto hidden in the background, just the structure by which it's used, and not the "purpose" or front and center. You can have a block chain based system without a "crypto" token that trades at wild prices.

If electricity goes away, crypto would be the last thing to think about. Not starving to death, for example, would be high on the list :D

Omg so many words

Please, no self-stories here. Nobody is interested in your brother borrowing your car at 6:30am

If just hits the fan, people reevaluate what is important in live. That's your text in a nutshell.

Crypto Power Play: BlackRock Goes Big With Major Bitcoin And Ethereum Purchase

This is not their growing confidence. They dumped a ton the week prior, pushed the price down and now rebought at lower levels. They will do it again.

Alright let me just highlight, OP, what you've posted here. This is an "article," on bitcoinist, Based on a post on X, Based on an "article" on yahoo finance, Based on an "article" on crypto news, Based on a chart of ETF inflows. And then you decided to post it here, to farm karma, hoping to make a point? Do you understand anything that's actually being said? Do you think ETF inflows represent institutional confidence? Do you really think that Blackrock is "going big" because they purchased crypto on behalf of their clients?

If Bitcoin reaches $125,000, over $15.6B in shorts are set to be wiped out

I am ready to enjoy that moment, getting some popcorn. !gif

shortsquezes are good.

Bitcoin: “Best I can do is $125”

by the time we get there i will have saved $125,000 from my wendy's job

Yes, I’m sure every position will remain where it is right now, no one will change, update, close or add to positions in the time it takes BTC to go up $12k from where it is now. Who writes this slop?

And if my gran had wheels she’d be a pickup truck

This crap again. A random claim with no evidence, and then a screenshot of a complex graph to make it seem credible

Sure and how many 10s of billions in buys do we need with a global marketplace to move the price of that much? You can always say this. You can always look at the depth of the market book and determine how many shorts or longs would be liquidated if we got to x price. It's not relevant.

What if reaches 10k? How many longs will be wiped out? What a stupid nonsense post is this

can't wait for that to happen, I guess 👀

I wonder if that’s why we stopped at 124,500… Manipulative selloffs.

this would be really cool and would definitely send the coin much higher.. but unfortunately we are not really close to that right now and getting ready to go into what could be a rough September : /

The best rule I learned about Bitcoin is: Never short Bitcoin

make it so!

Go for it!

Imagine the smell when the $73k low gets raided

I heard this last week then bam

how do you short crypto?

Sounds like another time for retail to do one of those short squeeze things

When not If.

What about shlongs?

If we can just get bitcoin to 1 million, i'll be so rich, guys.

I think it sees $50k before it sees $125k but there’s no doubt we find out by next summer which will be first.

Yeah we need that

Go short, go home

So buy the dip then?

Enough to do a short squeeze?

I bought another $100 CAD to do my part.

Flash: water is wet.

Yeah like the shorts will just stay there to be rekt

The only problem is the people who gain from the shorts are probably market makers , the guys who can manipulate the price . The same people who will go long and then pump it . Buy shares and sit back and relax.

Hi I need USDT, but I don't whom to trust in binance p2p. Is there any other way to buy usdt?

Cant the shorts exit to avoid losses too?

how many longs wiped out if it hits 100k?

What if it reaches $294027417481739184781847? What a silly silly post

And then the price would be what?

Where does that money go?

Aaaeaaaa dancing in rektember, aaaeaaa.

down it goes

If bitcoin reaches 330k, stuff will happen Also If bitcoin hits 69k other stuff will happen. In other words: things tend to happen

Let’s get back to 110, 115, then 120.

We’re going to see 80k again before 125k

Lol@ the btc bag holders in this thread. Looks like the shorts were in the right side of that trade after all.

How’s this post aging brah

With all of the OECD nations printing monopoly money as fast as they can, what idiot decided to short BTC.

A big IF given the current situation

Looks like they made bank instead This post aged like milk

This means, big players selling off. Same story when btc was 80k, 30b usd in shorts. G It dropped to 70k ;). They plan to sell, sl they short. DONT long.

I’d rather be more afraid about the amount of longs that would be wiped out if it goes under 100k.

Never understand why people short BTC

Why are you able to "short" Bitcoin? Lmaoo

CFTC to Create Pathway for US Citizens to Trade on Offshore Bitcoin and Crypto Exchanges

Sources: * Release number: [ * Tweet: [

JPMorgan says current bitcoin price 'too low,' sees upside to $126,000 by year-end

Are they using Internet Explorer? We've already been to $125k.

JPMORGAN hitting that hopium hit

So the coke dealing human trafficking company notoriously bad at technology has an opinion on something

those are rookie numbers...

JPMorgan looking for exit liquidity

Q4 likely $140K-$150K. That's it after that.

So Jamie dimon firing all these people when?

Easy for them to say that when their investment is down. Lol

People keep saying higher price predictions but the price keeps going down. Seems like they’re spreading fake news so they can sell higher. Think about it. Why would they tell you the price is going to go up if they were going to buy?

That’s a very bearish prediction.

me too bud me too

honestly the more these people keep talking the more i understand what certain other people that have gotten themselves arrested were talking about.

JP Morgan still lives in a world where BTC's value is too low when it is $15k or less away from the value they perceive it should be. BTC on the other hand lives in a wholly different world where it can move $15k for no reason. You cannot predict BTC's end of year value as too low when the price is $15k or so short of where you think it should be. The market could sneeze and BTC could go $20k up or down.

Corporations got rugged?. See you next cycle folks

Huh. I thought the purpose of bitcoin was to get away from banks.

Bagholder spotted

I think they used ChatGPT but didn’t account for it always wanting to be cautious about its predictions.

JP Morgan holding bags

They brought at 125k must want to sell lol

Finally, a realistic target.

Those price targets sure are coming down. Soon they will predict 110k by EOY.

I predict bitcoin's gonna go higher in the future...i win 😎

I predict $150k by December 31.

By October end

Is this Celsius payout legit? I was thinking about going through the steps but I wanted to get some other opinions first. In 2023 I was messing around with crypto before going back to the stock market in 2024. Does anyone have any advice they can share on this? Now I’m writing nonsense just so I can make the minimum 500 characters required for posting. 500 doesn’t seem like that much until you start writing waiting for that post button to register. Words. Words. Words. Words. More words. How many more words until 500. Sti….. ah there you are.

NO. Domain Name: CELSIUS-NETWORK-PORTAL.COM Registry Domain ID: 3013948218_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.webnic.cc Registrar URL: Updated Date: 2025-08-09T12:23:21Z Creation Date: 2025-08-26T21:48:16Z Expiration Date: 2026-08-26T21:48:16Z Registrar: WEBCC Registrar IANA ID: 460 Registrar Abuse Contact Email: compliance_abuse@webnic.cc Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +60.389966799 Domain Status: ok Registry Registrant ID: Not Available From Registry Registrant Name: Domain Admin Registrant Organization: Whoisprotection.cc Registrant Street: L4-E-2, Level 4, Enterprise 4, Technology Park Malaysia, Bukit Jalil Registrant City: Kuala Lumpur Registrant State/Province: Wilayah Persekutuan Registrant Postal Code: 57000 Registrant Country: Malaysia Registrant Phone: +60.389966788 Registrant Phone Ext: Registrant Fax: +603.89966788 Registrant Fax Ext: Registrant Email: reg_22045439@whoisprotection.cc Registry Admin ID: Not Available From Registry

My advice is that you never "mess around" with crypto ever again -- these email scams should be very obvious and its worrisome that you were considering falling for it

"We require the use of your trusted and verified payment method." I mean, c'mon man.

In the r/CelsiusNetwork subreddit, there's a sidebar link with a list of approved emails and domains. Everything else is a scam, but be careful of spoofed emails pretending to be Stretto / Celsius. Most Celsius users started to receive their automatic crypto payments through Coinbase, Venmo or PayPal in early 2024. I don't know if that's still on-going with existing or other distribution partners or not.

Bro if you didn't do it yourself, it showed up unexpectedly in your email, definitely not.....

Are reading comprehension and basic logic skills non existent these days. If you did have a Celsius account or whatever you go to the website yourself and look. I don’t know how many times it needs to be said but no company and mean no legit company will ever email you asking for any of your info. No names, addresses, emails or account info. They won’t ask for your keys or addresses. They would simply say you have some outstanding thing please go look at your account. They wouldn’t post links and they would send you a quick go here to get your money. It’s just ugh I don’t know. People are dumb

Goldman Sachs’ Surging Ethereum ETF Holdings Signal Institutional Confidence in Crypto

Wall Street 2021: We hate crypto ! Wall Street 2025: We love Bitcoin, we love Ethereum, and now we want to launch a bunch of other altcoin ETFs and lead the charge for shitcoin season !

Holy sh*t .. nobody on that institutional list is even close to Goldman Sachs they are accumulating ETH like there’s no tomorrow

It's not confidence, it's greed. That's all that's ever fueled crypto's growth.

ETH is a much simpler and straight forward bet IMO, especially given recent administrative moves. You have to believe in some cyberpunk dystopian narrative to truly buy into BTC long term. ETH has similar qualities with the added pitch of utility.

XRP slammed as ‘Exit Liquidity’ by on-chain crypto detective

No investigation needed, anything with tokens allocated to a team’s first priority is to make the team money

Cardano exit liquidity? Been crabbing for years

Lol, that's how Ripple makes money, advertises Xrp on social media and makes it sounds like it has utility, price goes up then it sells it to Retail. Such market cap is built based on hopium, truth is none of u, neither banks use Xrp

And cockroaches scatter under light

If the shoe fits

You telling me that the founders selling on plebs is called a scam??? I mean just because all the real scams did this doesn’t mean…oh nvm.

It's a corporate coin, Who the f#ck trusts a corporate coin?

XRP is exist liquidity for Ripple

RemindMe! 3 Years

He’s 100% right.

I have all the respect on Zach's skills on blockchain data analysis and scam/stolen funds tracking. However, fudding xrpl, hedera and cardano, the three networks with most transparent operations in the market, makes me wonder what motivated the subjectivity to take over objectivity.

Unreliable source in bold and all u moefoes falling for it

Seeing these comments on Reddit means one thing, the price will go up.

Couldn't agree more. If you want to buy into the picks and shovels of Crypto, then ChainLink is the real deal.

Im confused. Theres just some opinion? Some detective lol

WHY IS SWFT blockchain $SWFTC @swftc AKA CHINESE XRP ?

Once again we come to the fact that Dogecoin had the fairest initial distribution

This is it , this is the post that made me sell everything and walk away yep im ruined

This isn’t some revolutionary thing he’s saying. I’ve literally been saying this for 8 years. It is a slow rug pull. Its founders hold all the tokens out of circulation supply. It’s 100% mined already. Its founders sell into the supply, literally stripping value out of the holders pockets. Holders too dumb to understand and will confront criticism with hostility, because they are in a cult.

Exit liquidity for me, who sells every time it pumps.

The thing about that $5B line of Credit Trump family has to buy CRO you heard about... It's probably just manufactured Hype and might even be long term bad for CRO holders. It's not a secret that scam accusations have followed the crypto.com CEO for the past 9 years. Before he was even in crypto he was accused by many of scamming Ensogo users a groupon knockoff. \[source\] holders. *Ok so even if they don't have all that money now they might be able to get the funds without $5B Cash on hand by diluting MCGO holders, is the "purchasing" of CRO at the cost of stock investors actually good for CRO holders?* **3. Crypto.com just approved a plan to mint 70B tokens over the course of five years.** When MCGO raises funds they then buy CRO, to add to their "reserve", do you think MCGO will \#1. Buy CRO on the open market at full price? \#2. Buy part of the 70B CRO that CDC is minting via OTC trades possibly at a discount. If you think MCGO will be buying off the market instead of OTC and possibly at a discount (if Trump family ever has any plans to resell) and giving money directly to CDC you are simply put **a fool**. CDC will almost guaranteed be the one selling nearly all of the CRO to MCGO, **bought CRO that has never touched the open market would not impact the price when bought beyond any marketing hype that CDC can generate from it.** Then once CRO gets added to the market which previously wasn't circulating - what happens if MCGO ever wants or needs to sell the CRO they purchased that previously wasn't ever on the market? *So the $5B really doesn't mean much for current market value other than transferring some of CDCs fresh minted CRO to a "strategic lock up entity" who may or may not sell it at a later time. Which if sold would actually impact the market very negatively later down the line.* \------------------------- # Takeaway I'm not going to tell you that CRO won't pump, after all, degens pumped CRO to nearly $1 on the naming deal of a stadium. (albeit the circulating supply in 2021 was more centralized and less diluted away from CDC). But given CDCs long history of scam allegations and the fact that the current headline is most likely just a marketing blitz it's **probably** not a life changing play that you should buy and hold. \------------------------- If this all plays out how it looks, it will probably be wallstreet that is accusing crypto.com of scamming them in a few years, **but for now it's crime season** **enjoy those crypto gains...** while they last.

Inverse this sub and you'll make money

CDC has been around Trumps ears since before inauguration and its clear that they just wanted to achieve such a pump. Any Crypto that "burns" and "unburns" tokens as they like is not a serious Crypto to me.

CDC my favorite worst CEX.

Holding CRO is bad for CRO investors. It's a shit coin created by a shit exchange. Thank for your attention to this matter.

This is the chain that minted a shit load of coins to offset their earlier burn? Yeah they don’t give a single shit about their holders

Crypto.com itself is bad for CRO holders, just like it was bad for MCO holders before

CRO is worthless, I bought a ton of it and I'm still down a BUNCH of money. Screw CRO and Crypto dot com. You'd be a moron to buy CRO, like me.

I sold 2 weeks to soon, classic.

Trump has a horrible reputation for dishonesty and ethics violations, but Crypto dot com's reputation is even worse. I absolutely will never support an organization that consistently screws over its customers and operates so unethically. I'm disgusted by how much some people care only about making money.

The more negative publicity CRO receives on r/cc , the more the price pumps lol Somehow r/cc has this amazing skill of making the most hated coin become the number 1 top performer in the top 100. Last time it was SOL, this time it's CRO..

Crypto is not what it used to be anymore. Literally any garbage can pump insanely after a single tweet/action from a huge figure, take Dogecoin for example. This is ridciolous, I wonder what's next. Fartcoin? VeChain?

A centralized s coin.. Basically rugged everyone with MCO, pretty obvious they’ll do it again w CRO

Trump and crypto.com, a match made in heaven

A lot of #trustmebro assumptions tbh.

CROs burn/unburn fiasco was worrisome enough, Trumps involvement is the biggest possible flag for me that this is not a serious thing. It may pump short term because his supporters are sycophants, but I sold 75% immediately today. For 4x. That’s good enough for me

This guy is dead wrong. He spams emotional nonsense as facts and I proved him wrong many times. We debated a month ago. I assure you, I'm happier with my choice hodling and buying CRO than he is FUDding it.

Man you literally have no life, how much are you down on CRO really? Every few days you go on mission to crucify CDC/CRO, will you also in the facts include that when you start shitposting CRO was like < .10 and now its >.30? Stop being emotional, you can still make money and not like or agree with CDC/Trump

It sure feels like a setup to rug.

Not supposed to have emotions with crypto, I say it all the time. But with Cro I took my profit and left, I have no desire to be associated with anything Trump is.

lol at the cope. Keep fudding whilst I'm up 180%, thats all that matters, this is the fkn wild west. Maybe if you'd bought cro instead of trying to day trade you wouldnt have gotten rekt so hard.

Imagine that. Who would’ve thought?

This trump stuff is just an easy way for both to make money. They can now dump the 70 billion on the market at a higher price.

yes everybody should realize that anything Trump touches is for a quick money grab and any of his ventures are basically a grift. Crow holders should take profit and hold only if it's money that they don't need and are willing to lose.

Pile of cash... I was all in and it gave me nerves. Wanted to be wise, so i did some cleaning and took some gains . Now my wallet is 25% cash and it burns in my pocket. Already wanted to some daytrading while waiting for a market correction and buy cheap. Lol. What are you doing with a pile of cash when waiting for the dip? Stables? Gold? Nothing? And the goeroes of regret when seeing LINK make a jump, ik should have waited an hour longer. This is unbearable. All decisions seems bad decisions. CrAy cryptos. Anyway. Have a nice day!

Dude, take your gains and be happy with them. There’s always someone who makes a profit and goes “but it could have been more”. That person will FOMO in at the wrong time. Any gains in crypto is a win. Most people lose money, you didn’t. Well played….

Dont buy fiat man, that shit is going down. Stay in btc is my advice.

Index funds but there is no issue holding only cash for one year if you are up 10x

Buying back in when greed is high is the main way people screw themselves. I did it in Dec and it was a major mistake. Hold you cash and use it when fear is high

Put the stables to use. You can early 6-11% on it in DeFi or elsewhere while waiting for the market reversal. It's only a matter of time. When, not if :)

Unless you set your targets for each X% of what you have, **before** you buy, and stick to it...you'll always have problems. It's natural, if you don't set targets ;)

Fear of inflation can often lose people a lot of money. Inflation is slow. You can keep the cash for a long time mate it’s not gonna make a difference

Number one rule of selling don't think about what if

i did the same, tossed the cash in SPAXX before dropping it into “QQQi” for some monthly gains. 1/2 my portfolio is still BTC but its nice knowing the cash i’m holding isnt just deteriorating. Regardless don’t beat yourself up over it. Taking prof is part of the game.

I read the first 1.5 sentences. You’re cash should be used to invest in projects m (just could return more) and something (that can return equivalent)

Know the feel. Cash is trash.

Something like this one: [ Gives you almost the official rates from your central bank. This is EUR, but there are others too

You call that decentralized? Layer 2s are destroying crypto

Honestly, I agree. Ethereum would be way better off if it prioritized on scaling its L1 rather than its L2s. At the end of the day, its the L1 that has the most liquidity, dapps, devs, security, decentralization, liveliness, and so on.

Bcashers getting in yet another told you so from 2016.

Institutional investors increase Ethereum ETF exposure with 388,000 ETH in Q2

* Investment advisors now dominate Ethereum ETFs, holding almost twice what hedge funds have. * Goldman Sachs is the single biggest holder of ETH ETFs, followed by Jane Street. * Ethereum is retesting $4,600 level as the token continues its strong performance.

Tether Brings New Opportunities to Bitcoin Network with USDT Implementation

Another 109,919 moons has been burn in the last 6 days worth $11,709 and why it is good for MOONs since the last post]( transaction of burnt moons (2)]( Transaction of burnt moons (4)]( transaction of burnt moons (6). According to ccmoons.com [90 day moon chart ]( And the current market cap of moons is only$7.8M which is too low compared to the amount of moons we are burning and big companies/projects like kraken, pudgy penguins, 1inch, coingecko , polygon labs etc are burning moons just to advertise on r/cryptocurrency. Moons are also listed on one of the biggest exchange kraken. Moons only exists on arbitrum one and arbitrum nova. burn credit goes to u/002_timmy

How many moons are there available for trading on exchanges? I'm curious on how many are held by redditors, and how many are held by market makers/exchanges. That's a better way to get an indication on short/mid term price impact.

I completely forgot about moons tbh

Anyone know where to find these? I'm remember being receiving a bit when it first came out.

The exact same post is regurgitated here week after week about how x moons have been burnt and why it's good for moons. Meanwhile crypto is near it's all time high while moons are going nowhere.

We are burning everything!!!

Nice I guess

Almost half a million in 90 days is crazy considering total supply is now at 79M. By the end of this burn only my moons will be left

Let it all burn, except our own.

Price is determined by supply and demand. When there's no demand decrease supply. Oldest trick in crypto and people will call it awesome. Tell me you're emotionally invested without telling me

230,000 MOONs in 7 days or so is tremendous. $1+ is back on track and literally inevitable if we get some more retail interest back and our advertisers keep buying and burning all the cheap MOONs out there

Bitget surpasses $750 billion in monthly derivatives trading as CoinDesk ranks it top for SOL liquidity Between November 2023 and June 2025, Bitget recorded a cumulative $11.5 trillion in derivatives volume, placing it among the top four global exchanges. The report also ranked Bitget as the number one exchange for ETH and SOL spot depth, and number two for BTC, cementing its position as one of the top three globally for execution quality. That momentum continued into 2025, with average monthly volumes hitting $750 billion, nearly 90% of which came from derivatives. Even in cooler market conditions, Bitget has emerged as a structurally important venue, characterized by scale, stickiness, and growing institutional weight. They recently expanded their suite of crypto derivatives by launching new RWA Futures tied to major global companies. The newly listed perpetual futures offer exposure to AAPL, GOOGL, AMZN, META, and MCD indexes. With leverage up to 10x, these USDT-settled contracts aim to connect traditional market exposure with on-chain trading opportunities. CoinDesk further noted that Bitget’s launch of its Onchain platform in April 2025 helped boost spot volumes by 32% month-on-month. The report also pointed to Bitget’s leadership in XRP derivatives, strong presence across Layer-1 and memecoin markets, and its hybrid on-chain/off-chain liquidity model.

New to crypto Hey everyone, im planning on getting into crypto this weekend but honestly dont really know where to start and some many questions, first and foremost I live in Ontario so theres alot of apps and websites I cant use, I was planning on using binance but thats no longer available here in Ontario. Secondly what coins would you guys recommend I start with and what would be the best outlet to stay updated on upcoming coins, like should I keep watching this subreddit for people to point it out to me or is there a better way to keep up to date. If there’s anything else you guys think I should know please lmk any advice or information related to buying crypto is appreciated

First off, BEWARE OF SCAMMERS!! Ur inbox already probably got a few messages in there from ppl trying to scam u. As a general rule, assume anyone talking to u is trying to scam you. Its unfortunate, but its the reality we live in. Especially in crypto. Secondly, i suggest a non-custodial wallet rather than leaving your crypto on an exchange. Look up “not your keys not your crypto”. I personally use the StrikeX defi wallet (super easy to buy and swap tokens. Even crosschain). Trust wallet is fine too. As far as using exchanges for trading, kraken works great for me (live in Quebec btw) As far as what crypto to look for/buy, i think ypu have to figure put what you’re looking for and what your risk tolerance is. Something like BTC would be more for long term holding. Lower risk but allready huge marketcap so less opportunity for X’s. Memes are the exact opposite. High risk high reward, but keep in mind you either gotta be glued to charts 24/7 or be really lucky to not lose all your money in memes Bottom line is you will have to put the time in and research tokens and go with something that fits YOUR criteria. Also try not to over leverage yourself lol

Let me help you out as someone also from Ontario. - Use Newton, shakepay or Kraken (or all 3) as your exchange. I've used all 3 extensively and all are perfectly fine on/off ramps. - Start with Bitcoin. - get a hardware wallet, learn how to use it, use it regularly. Learn how to write down and protect a seed phrase, and dont be afraid of actually using crypto. Knowledge is power. - Like others have said, dont trust anyone. Anyone who dms you about Crypto is a scammer. Turn off all discord telegram Facebook and other possible dms. - when you are comfortable using self custody, try out using metamask or another similar wallet to learn how to use other ecosystems if that's what you want to do. Start with eth and move slow. - Treat any website or application as a possible attack vector. Crypto people are paranoid for good reason. If possible, use a clean computer for your crypto and keep your gaming/browsing on another. If you have any other questions, ask and ye shall receive.

Your young lady friend who is advising you on crypto is not young, not a lady, and not your friend.

Best advice I'll offer is to watch the charts occasionally and when you see your account balance drop drastically to the point where you feel sick to your stomach and you think you've made a huge mistake buying into this dumb crypto fad...that's when you buy more.

Buy the dips, don't FOMO into coins, stick to the big projects. Welcome.

Crypto is economy's stock cube. Everything follows macro economy but supercompressed . Beware for a wild ride. Learn so see trough bull and bear hypes. Crypto is fair nor giving. stick with a plan improve it when needed. Learn to contradict your emotions, pay for the bleeding consequently for at least a complete cyclus. Years of desperation. And some short moments of glory and jubilation. Don't get too crazy. And welcome 🤗

You should trust no one, get a cold wallet and stick with BTC and ETH only. For exchanges see if Kraken or Coinbase are available those are two other big exchanges that enjoy the most trust alongside Binance

Do your own research into everything. Don't give your money away quickly to anything, scammers prey on a sense of urgency. Kraken is a good centralized exchange. You may have to give ID info for Know-Your-Customer laws. Look up the risks of keeping your coins on an exchange vs. self-custody. Use a site like [CoinMarketCap.com]( to track coins and do some basic market research. Look up the top 100 coins and try to find some that you believe are undervalued. This isn't just throwing darts at a board, it requires due diligence and research. If you join Crypto Twitter, be wary of dumbasses and keep in mind those that you follow can influence whether you succeed or not. Try to follow knowledgeable people and ignore the bullshitters. It's not the amount of followers but the quality of their posts. You should invest long-term. Don't day-trade ever, it's like gambling. Look up alt-season and why it happens. Look up the challenge of taking-profits and the purpose of tiered exit strategies. Bitcoin is unique among all crypto. It is likely the future of money. But don't believe me, just do your own research.

Just open a stock trading account, and invest in IBIT (bitcoin) and ETHA (ethereum) every month.

Don't plan to buy anything for a year or two. This is for a couple of reasons: 1) Prices are high now and you will almost certainly have a better opportunity for an entry point in the future. Many assets are near all time highs. They will likely go higher before prices drop again, but you won't know when to sell, will miss the top and will therefore be in the red for multiple years before another peak. 2) Self-custody is not that straightforward, even people who have been here for ages show their ignorance regularly by touting the need for hardware wallets as a panacea for security, when in reality they only protect you from one, fairly uncommon type of attack (theft of private keys from your computer) and offer no help at all from the most common attack vector (permissions you don't understand). If you want to succeed long term, learn the basics of how the blockchains you are interested in work before you actually put money into them. Set up wallets on testnets, practice using a multi-sig, do some Bankless Academy tutorials, read the 'Mastering' series by Andreas M. Antonopoulos, build a list of trustworthy dashboards etc etc. All of this is free, but takes time and effort. Then, in a couple of years, when assets are cheap, you can confidently assess what to buy, and how to custody it safely through the times of low prices so you can then sell it when things get heated again.

Paytrie is my on and off ramp. They do e-transfers. You might wanna look into that but it may be a lil too advanced for you at the moment because this route is for on-chain self custody.

The top is in boys

You can use app like coinbase, newton. start with bitcoin or ETH as they are safe for beginner. start with small and learn

I’d say, do a quick deep dive into the tech behind crypto and try to fully understand how it works (you don’t need to know all the ins and outs to start simple trading, but you should be able to know why prices are dipping when they are and how to translate news headlines into tradable insights). after you get a good overview of it all, start researching some of the more stable coins. remember that all coins are volatile and have a level of risk applied, but some coins are way safer than others. for example, dropping 10k into eth is a lower risk lower reward stable-ish investment but dropping 10k in fartcoin is asking for your money to be taken from you. find some cool projects you can get behind and ideologically back that bring utility to blockchain tech. also, as others said, scams are a dime a dozen. dms off, trust no one, and read the whitepapers. for me, btc and eth are lower risk lower reward, more stable investments for an actual portfolio. solana is growing, xrp is getting adopted at higher rates, and then lesser known coins like chainlink and polygon have actual utility. DYOR these are just ones im watching, but I wish you well brother

Start out as a BTC maxi. If you grab a few random alts you might get in on an alt season, but being new I would not advise. LTC is another good choice IMO. But if I were you I’d seriously do research and just observe this market and go in the next bear. That way you won’t feel hurt when your portfolio drops. Definitely invest in a cold wallet. And a good one that is BTC only, like Bitbox

Invest 95% in BTC, 5% in something more risky. DCA, FDYOR.

How do you track your portfolio? As someone learning about crypto (and too late, of course!) my biggest question is how people track their portfolio? Is the aggregator like coin Koinly or other types safe to utilize and easier than trying to look at a statement to find out when you purchased various coins and at what value to find out what your realized gains would be if you sold at that point in time? Obviously, you can see your gains from a dashboard on an exchange, but it doesn’t really indicate based on the point in time it was purchased if you purchased over multiple years or multiple times a year, etc. I know this has been discussed before, but I’m curious if there’s any new developments if there’s concerns around, allowing Koinly or an aggregator access to your exchange?

coingecko works really well. i have a spreadsheet with everything in it.

pretty easy to track, I only DCA and hodl BTC

Rotki - It runs locally, preserving your privacy and is open source. If you run nodes at home you can connect it to those so it tracks your onchain balances and DeFi positions without any of your portfolio data getting sent out of your house. Any time you use an online portfolio tool like some of the ones mentioned in other comments here you are letting whoever runs those websites know all of your crypto addresses and link them to your IP address, and maybe your email address if you use that to sign up. That data is likely to get bundled up and sold to data brokers who will combine it with everything else linked to that IP and/or email address. That's not very cypherpunk. Rotki was created by Lefteris, one of the real Ethereum OGs. He was one of the people who helped save the funds stolen in the original DAO hack, and has been a strong advocate for open source software for about a decade. There is a paid version for if you need to track more than 4 validators or more than the last 100 DeFi transactions etc, but for most users the free version will be more than enough.

Coin Market Cap is great for a dummy portfolio

CoinMarketCap I enter everything manually because I don’t want to connect any accounts to it.

Check Coinstats, been using it since blockfolio collapse. Best app for tracking crypto assets hands down. It's the only app, that tracks EVMs(Ethereum, BNBchain, AVAX C-chain, Arbitrum and etc), non-EVMs(Solana, SUI, Aptos, Algorand, Polkadot, Atom and etc), Centralized exchanges(Binance, Coinbase, OKX and etc) and DeFi positions(Uniswap, AAVE, Aerodrome and etc)

Try Coinstats app bro

Yahoo Finance has a pretty descent portfolio web app for both stocks and crypto.

Glass Wallet Problem or nah? Been thinking about this a lot because I work on a project in the privacy space, so fair warning that I’m biased here. But even outside of what I do, I feel like the transparency of blockchain and the very public situation of your financial history just there gaping open for the world to see is a bit of a weird problem no? It’s like we are all walking around with a glass wallet on our neck showing everyone whats inside. Every trade, every token you hold, even your failed transactions all of it is public, forever. Like everything is just bare out for public inspection. Like Base is blowing up right now which means even more eyes available to peep at your entire financial diary. Cool for verification, but it also paints a target on your back (front-running, wallet surveillance, phishing, I could go on). Curious how people here see it? Like is this just the trade offs to a new system or is the “glass wallet problem” a real risk in crypto right now?

Ever heard of monero?

Your “wallet” is not public with most crypto (Cardano is an exception.) Only addresses. Addresses are abstracted from their owners, although network analysis is sometimes possible. The Bitcoin whitepaper discusses using different key pairs for each transaction to make that analysis more complex. Layer 2, like Lightning, does not have that same transparency and audit trail. Monero is famous for not being a glass wallet, although there’s the whole 51% attack thing going on right now. HODLing doesn’t leave much of a trail.

What is your opinions on decentralized AI coins? I ask this because I am a huge fan of BitTensor, the "a.i. to BTC" (and with actual good reasoning), and I'm not here to shill the coin but this is called r/CryptoCurrency after all. The concept of BitTensor is to capture all A.I. problems (such as global warming, science research, weather, medicine, Video-to-A.I., etc.) and 100% decentralize them. Meaning all open-source, all contributed "anonymously" by humanity for humanity, anybody in the world can contribute and host it on the BitTensor blockchain (which is unhackable. Think if someone uploaded the cure to cancer or reverse biological aging, etc. verified by scientists/A.I. to be legit, no Government or company can take it down for their own profit sake) meaning everyone can have access to it all without gatekept by governments or companies. Now, there are much, much more A.I. coins but TAO is #33 and currently the highest Marketcap in terms of pure A.I. coins, and already deploying multiple A.I. apps that you might be using without realizing.But others exist and have different purposes, but I choose TAO because it's interesting as nobody ever mentions or talks about BitTensor despite it gaining international treasury reserves, Google investments, among the 2nd highest protein analytical research in the world which is crucial for biological science research. The fact everyone and anyone can contribute to it, while fighting for a "better" version each time by people (while getting rewarded in BitTensor) is the perfect concept of decentralizing A.I. "in good hands", but I never see decentralized A.I. coins mentioned here despite A.I. coins being potentially the future if breakthroughs happen regularly.

"AI", "decentralized"

Invested 5 years ago in Fetch AI, didn't get anything special, a little boom over a year ago, nothing spectacular. Its community was more toxic than nice and the ''devs'' didn't do Jack but marketing. Sold most of it for a little profit, kept a bit in case of a real boom but I don't think it'll ever happen.

Great shill, u/Mr—Clean—Ass-Naked

Decentralized AI had its run in crypto 1.5-2 years ago. In fact, it peaked months before meme coin mania. Maybe things will come back around, but I suspect that's why you're not hearing much about AI-related coins around here.

AI coins are memecoins under another name. None of them are useful for anything. You might make a buck on hype but they aren't going to change the future. Bittensor is particular is barely decentralized. It is nearly completely controlled by insiders and VC using a "proof of authority" model. You know who also uses a proof of authority model? Every centralized system ever created since the beginning of civilization. "Proof of Authority" provides the trappings of an open decentralized network but it isn't. This means it has all the overhead of a blockchain without the real benefit.

Gotta say all those applications for crypto in AI sound rather pointless. I could tell you how to synthesize many popular drugs right now, but you still won't be able to do it because of complexity, patents/laws, etc. It's not an issue of having access to data it's doing the thing that's the problem in most all of the cases you mentioned.

"AI coins" are pure marketing hype to lure dumbass fomo investors into pump and dump schemes

That’s the most useless combination of words I’ve ever seen in a shilly word salad here. “Anonymously contribute by humanity for humanity to decentralize all ai problems” … I think you missed a few hype words in there somewhere. Gtfo here with all that. It’s always been the case that any other crypto, no matter what “utility” they claim to possess, are just trying to make their founders, pre-miners, or pre-sale buyers rich off of everyone else in the space. The only solid decentralized option that actually solves an issue is Bitcoin. We’re in the mess we are in now because governments have been put in charge of managing the supply and distribution of money for the past 50-100 years and have done a terrible job. Bitcoin fixes that, no other utility needed. Any other project that wants to actually bring value to the space (and not just steal it from others) will build their tech on top of Bitcoin. No token, coin or anything that has a separate value, just code.

Liquidity and wealth extractors.

Crypto market to unlock $4.5B in tokens in September

And some amount from various projects will be lost and burnt. The world will continue to spin

Happens every month, nothing new.

Swiss Crypto Bank Sygnum Tokenizes Portion of $50M BTC‑Backed Loan for Ledn

Bitcoin ignores new ‘OG’ whale selling as BTC price hits $113K

So another whale got released from prison?

Lol it didn't "ignore" the selling, how the hell do you "ignore" sell volume.

did he cash out or just swap into Alts?

Owning a full Bitcoin in 2025 — just how rare is it?

I worked construction with a guy who used to wear a shirt, “Ask me about Bitcoin”. Must’ve been around 2017. I remember asking him about it and he was just wrapping up a bitter divorce and hiding every spare penny in Bitcoin. It was around $300 a coin at that time. I’m sure he sold it off, but in my workaday daydreams, that mofo is sitting on a bunch of coins and happy as a clam.

I think to aspire to 0.1 is a great target. Wholecoiner is a whole other level..

I wonder how many own a full coin equivalent via the ETFs (say, in a 401k) vs an actual whole coin on an exchange/wallet.

not sure how rare it is, but is fuck\*ng expensive

I lost mine in a boating accident unfortunately. And celsius network.

it's clearer if you just look at this table:

If you have 21, you can verify via the code that there will be no more than 999,999 people or entities with more Bitcoin than you. Accounting for the Genesis Block and lost coins, it's probably closer to 17.5 BTC. Accounting for the amount of holders with less than 10 BTC, I would guess that crowd collectively owns around 5 million of the total supply. So I would say in summary, if you own 12.5 BTC, it's probably a good bet there are fewer than 1 million individuals with more BTC than you.

I ran an eth node for a few years. I converted my rewards to btc at 15k. So I ended up with 1.25btc that I feel like I never even paid for. =) now to wait 2 more halvenings to a million.

Bitcoin is not out of reach yet i know many people (from 3rd world country) who can afford more than 1 Bitcoin at current price and their decision wouldn't effect their lifestyle but they still don't understand. You can't believe how rich some people are and how much money exist in this world

1 in 21 million

And to think that I sold my 1 BTC to buy LRC... greed

I owned a full bitcoin in 2019. I don't wanna talk about it lol

Just doing some chat gpt on this topic: “For younger demographics, especially millennials, having $100K in liquid assets remains very rare—less than 2% in typical checking and savings accounts” So for a typical crypto investor, which I assume is millennial, less than 2% could even afford one Bitcoin. IBIT shows lots of investors from various age groups do want a piece of the action though.

Best Crypto APIs for Developers in 2025

I think people in general trust data from CoinGecko more than CMC these days anyways. So I guess the obvious choice for better data would be CoinGecko API.

CMC is fine for basic price feeds, but ever since Binance bought them I don’t really consider it fully neutral. For anything beyond the basics, im using CoinGecko. Pulling reliable prices, historical charts, and pool data has been straightforward, and the docs make it easier to get things working without wasting time.

I would add [docs.dexpaprika.com]( as it’s the newest product from the CoinPaprika team for discovering on-chain assets and DEX trades.

Bitcoin Price Could Top $1m Thanks to Institutions

Damn the bull run is really over huh. If we're back to this type of projection article.

I may be that Bitcoin could top $1m some day in a future that we might believe in

Least relevant post

Thinking of using an old laptop as a cold storage, should I do it or just get a wallet? If a wallet which one? Pretty much the title. I have an old laptop I don’t use that I’m thinking of just keeping offline and using it as a cold storage. I’m just thinking of holding long term and won’t really do any trades. Was wondering if this was a good idea/if this is viable? Have heard of people doing it but have also heard getting a wallet would be smarter. I also don’t have too much so I’m wondering if the laptop idea is ok, should I switch to a wallet if I end up with more? If getting a wallet would be better I’m wondering what would be best. I’m looking into a Trezor if the laptop idea is bad. I pretty much just have Bitcoin. I’m open to all suggestions. Thanks!

Dedicated hardware. Depends on what assets. Cold card for btc.

basically the dad wallet of crypto, enormous, and for what, a bunch of dated receipts and pictures of the pets?

Wipe the laptop and install Linux and you have a secure device.

Buy a Ledger or Trezor; it's like 50 EUR now with a discount. Much safer and easy to use than setup up a laptop with Linux or mess around Windows Also, not updating your OS on a laptop is a really bad idea, because of those zero-day exploits and all

A hard drive can fail at any moment. Do not use a hard drive as cold storage ever. Use a wallet.

Study airgap vault

Would it be a problem for you if the laptop decides not to turn on, or it turns on and the HDD or add is dead or corrupted?

Just get a hardware wallet.

Trezor is my vote. It’s cheaper and better.

Hardware wallet is the best option

Biggest risk with laptops is you don’t know what’s lurking on it unless you fully wipe the drive. If it ever connected to the internet, malware could already be there

Old phone(no wifi or service), keep seed phrase as normal, check balance on scanner, keep separate wallet with minimal balance to transact with, send excess to wallet on old phone. If you need to transact from old phone, generate new wallet offline, transact, send entire remaining balance to new wallet that has never met the internet. You can even risk just keep using the old phone wallet, since you're connecting only to transact on a virtually sanitary device (just don't update the phone), connect to wifi, transact, disconnect from wifi, shut down. To me, old laptops are too big, harder to hide, and are less reliable to start up in 10 years. I never trade in my old phones. Whenever I get a new phone, I get a new cold storage device! Factory reset old phone, install trustable wallet software, disconnect wifi, generate new keys, note public address and seed, shut down phone, hide phone, access old-old phone, send balance to new old phone address, wipe old-old phone, give old-old phone to needy teenager, they'll destroy it for you. I've been hacked. It's gonna happen. DO NOT transact after drinking alcohol. DO make a fresh/burner wallet for every new smart contract you decide to interact with. DO NOT download browser extensions. DO NOT trust help from random guy on the internet. DO NOT discuss balances publicly. DO NOT transact and announce that you transacted. DO NOT keep your balances on the exchange. DO self custody. DO interact with small amounts before you interact with larger amounts. DO NOT trust information from telegram or social influencers. DO NOT exchange with small liquidity pools unless you know exactly what a liquidity pool is and who is running it. DO NOT use unpopular network bridges. Self custody is now very much "multi-chain", be sure to learn and understand what "wrapped" tokens are. Pick a network and stick to it. If you want to use a different network, generate a new wallet specifically for that network. Browsers are great for this now. Make separate browser accounts for each network you are active in, or each wallet address you generate to keep them "organized" and separated. Use a password vault app installed on your system, not the one provided by your browser. It's generally safe to put your seed phrase in the notes of these apps, as they are well encrypted and require a fairly invasive hack to gain access to if you have a strong password. But this is for your "active" wallets that you transact with daily, NOT your long-term storage keys! Long-term storage keys/phrases should be hidden in a physical location, never stored digitally. Lots of ideas on how to do this can be found with a Google search. My personal favorite is stamping the phrase on stainless washers and holding them together with a nut and bolt, but this method is time-consuming, easy to recognize, and easy to lose to a thieving friend if not hidden well. If you want to learn more about self custody, DEXs, and DEFI, use trusted sources like popular network wiki pages. If you have questions, ask in verified discord servers and only trust moderators for factual information. No one you meet on the internet is a trustable "friend", feel free to make friends, share trade ideas, and seek interesting projects to invest in together, but always invest separately and keep them at arms length. Beware of highly agreeable people, never borrow money, and never lend money. Above all, never marry your investments. You invest in goals, and the project you're investing in has their own goals. If you invest in them meeting their goals, and they fail to deliver, then they aren't going to meet your goals. It's expected that you move on after that. And also, don't put all of your eggs in one basket. No matter how enticing you think the opportunity may be, or had been for others, spread out. You will win some, you will lose some. Don't invest to "get rich quick", if you feel that that is possible, you're probably experiencing a positive sentiment campaign that is used almost exclusively to provide exit liquidity. Notice how Cramer mentions a stock and it tanks? He's a mouthpiece to draw in buyers so that sellers can sell without tanking the price as much. Don't invest in the news. Invest in goals and teams that meet and exceed their goals. Find a developer who has participated in successful projects, find out if he or she is the catalyst for the projects success, and try to follow their breadcrumbs. But beware of scammers imitating successful developers. There are more good people in crypto than there are bad, but the ecosystem has its bad apples. These bad apples are generally tech savvy, which makes them especially dangerous. Crypto is a world mostly devoid of normal emotion. We're degenerates, weebs, gooners, bronies, memers, trolls, fembois, incels, simps, stans, and most other derogatory parasocial expletives. Crypto is kind of just where we all went to "fit in". Just keep that in mind when you're interacting with a person on the crypto net, we're not exactly "normal", so if you're expecting to meet normal people in crypto, you're going to be a "target". We're all here to have fun with money. If you're not having fun with your money in crypto, then you're in the wrong place.

Old laptop means security patches are way out of date unless it's Linux. I think you'd log in to a crypto site and your money would be gone 😂

I use a Keystone wallet. It's fully air-gapped from your computer/internet, and has a nice UI. I also have a Ledger. The newer models also have great UIs, but they are not air-gapped. I keep the seed phrase in multiple locations to mitigate the risk of it being destroyed in a fire. With one cold storage computer, it could burn up in a fire. That said, it doesn't hurt to keep your wallet on a dedicated computer you rarely connect to the internet.

Why bother... Just make a script to generate random wallets in your chosen format like legacy, sigwit, taproot etc while offline... make a few billion. Pick one at random. Just as secure as long as you don't share your keys.

Price action still acts like there’s a war announced every other day

so overall NVDA earnings was a nothingburger for crypto, I'm totally fine with it

Please crypto rally one last time so I can GTFO and have a normal life without going broke everytime I check my portfolio

September already can't end soon enough and it hasn't even started yet

when will binance lists CRO?

Omg thank Goodness i was too lazy to unstake my cro

Guys I have opened mini market for groceries and stuff from money I got from crypto It costed me like 10k (in syria)

Crazy CRO breaking .30

I’ve always wondered when the fuck vechain would do anything. All my other coins have. Piece of shit coin sitting still for 4 years.

Crypto and randomly dumping on no news name a more iconic pair

This POS market has been going sideways for fucking months, maybe a slight higher then back down . We should have passed these price ages agers ago .

Why is CRO rallying? 100% in one day wtf

A sitting president is printing stock and dumping a billion dollars into an altcoin. Just another day in the usa. 🇺🇸[🗽](

Meanwhile tech stocks ralling and bitcoin dumping. Next week when tech stocks pulls back bitcoin crashes

Wow man Reddit really ended avatars. What an absolute fucking trash company.

Serious question: we always hear about the big movers when they buy millions of BTC and ETH, but are they also selling along the way and taking some profit?

Every economic news release is like walking on ice and could trigger the top. Thinking of selling 25% for cash. What do you think? 🤔

No wonder retail aint flocking to this crappy market

Almost even on my Matt Damon card…

One day when I sell all and not Look back. Bitcoin could be a million and I woildn’t fomo because i know it’ll have 80% price swings weekly to get to that point

I'm starting to get the impression that perhaps crypto is completely regarded.

time for solana?

OMG the whining in here is wild. Shouldn't children be in school?

Let’s go baybayyyy $CRO 🥇🚀🌚

Public service announcement: Do not fomo into CRO

Cro is utter dog shit. Anyone stupid enough to buy it (other than for a quick flip) after seeing what CDC has done over the past few years deserves to lose everything.

CRO is moving like crazy. 37 cents. It was like 20 cents just 36 hours ago

I sold cro at 12 c. Ama

You people wouldn't believe how the tone on this sub in 2018 and 2019 was one which genuinely believed that Bitcoin was a shitcoin and pet rock while all the real value was set to come to all and sundry alts with shiny use cases. Now the tone is still about alts but the only reasoning is 'Bitcoin can't give me 100x'.

I turned off all my notifications for my cryptocurrency apps. I have no idea what the prices are for anything, and I am the happiest that I have been in months.

Regular Pyth investor since the past 5 months here. This is my alt season. 80% gains is more than what I had imagined out of this shitcoin. I’ll see you all after 4 years now. It’s absolutely fucking diabolical how this fuckass asset outperformed pretty much everything I had invested in during the past year.

Last time it randomly dumped was when USA launched a missle. No missles launches on Sunday and Monday and it still flushed lol nothing even makes sense

I'm a simple man, money goes up makes me happy, money goes down makes me sad. Charts literally mirror my daily mood. I don't know if that's good or not

Didn't expect this sub has 10M sub now after a year. Take some profits, folks.

All those beers bought with my CDC card have paid off. Now I'm upgrading to whiskey! 🥃

SOL is really trying to make a run

Would have been better off holding stocks in 2025 or just put money in the bank for tiny interest. This isn’t worth the risk

The PRs about CRO are confusing and misleading. Trump is not buying $6B or $1B or even $200m of CRO. The actual number is $105M. The $1B number is the amount of free coins being given to Trump by crypto.com in their agreement. He could even dump them.

Another day here at the casino of nightmares

when is $ALGO going to move man

CRO massive dildo

can't wait to see people reactions here when we enter the actual bear market. Cause reactions to 1-10% dips are hilarious

I warned ALL OF YOU a DAY BEFORE that [CRO was about to pop all of your anuses](

Rate cuts = stock market pumps first. Crypto is just the stock markets alt 😂 trust I’m not holding anything besides BTC after this dog shit cycle

This August has been the worst September

And while BTC shits the bed, SP500 hit a new ATH again !

I'm not sure about how I feel about CRO, and I surely don't hold any, but what I do know is that everything that man touches turns into shit, and CRO will probably not be different

We all know that Michael Saylor, Cathie Wood and Tom Lee increase their price predictions about every other day. And always by an order of magnitude. It’s as if they don’t remember their EOY predictions from two days ago. They’ve been fairly aggressive but never like this. Let me tell you that if we trade in this channel of $110-120K by the end of the year their reputations are shot. No one is going to take them seriously for a very long time. And that’s going to throw us into one hellva bear market.… And that’s only 4 months, just 16 weeks from now. Right around the corner.

Some coins pumping....not mine =(

I've had my CDC Jade Green card since it was MCO. I don't like the company and consider CRO a shitcoin (one of many), but I've kept my 10k CRO staked for the cashback and airport lounge. It made sense to keep it when it was only worth around $1k. However I'd be tempted to unstake and sell the CRO IF it were to hit 50c. I got a new card recently, so would still keep the airport lounge until that expires in a few years (well unless they change that rule, which wouldn't suprise me). I'm curious, to the other CDC card holders out there: What's your plan?

I hate that it's one coin at a time, can't we pump all the top 500 coins at once?

Another NY market, another big sell off

Checked my BNB after staking for months, no rewards lol

Crypto will only pump when it feels like it, but it can always crash along with the stock market.

Do I understand correctly that CRO is a shitcoin?

America and crypto is not my favorite duo

Pump it Don

NVDA dipping after earnings just to tank crypto just for it to about go green while crypto haven’t recovered at all is annoying

Red September?

After its history, I’m not sure how people are convinced into buying CRO

Tempted to just sell everything. This market is disappointing

Fool me once ($TRUMP) - shame on you. Fool me twice ($CRO) - fuck you!

Should I put my entire life savings in CRO today?

Cowen when ETH goes up: “Told you that ETH went home.” Cowen when ETH goes down: “Told you BTC dominance would go back up.”

CRO from #27 to #15 on coinmarketcap. 🤑

The fear & greed index is slowly trickling down whilst everyone is screaming about how alt season is near... something doesn't add up.

it looks like a boring day

Is this the top? Is it time to sell it all? No way this cycle is going to be predictable.

Please go up one more time so I can get rid of all my crypto. The fact it’s still volatile and bleeds after a short run is disgusting

So what now? Wait for the next burger data and /or next words from Powell? This is boring as hell

Somebody turn the money machine back on

USA gdp data published to 9 blockchains. Now you know why Pyth and Chainlink doing some interesting moves lately *The data has been published on nine blockchains: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, TRON, Stellar, Avalanche, Arbitrum One, Polygon PoS, and Optimism. The initiative leverages oracles like Chainlink and Pyth Network to facilitate the data distribution* [

Eth local top in?

Interesting, alts making a strong comeback

SOL baby SOL

Shittiest altcoin "bullrun" in crypto history 📉

Tell your single sisters that i own CRO. I am currently taking applications.

So everyone was waiting for NVIDIA earnings in hopes that it would move crypto market? -0.5% 24h, my goodness the volatility

Hahahaaah. Fuck this market. Its all about liquidating longs and shorts. Garbage 🤡

Why these dumb burgers always panic sell the most before market close

Another day, another shitshow

CRO is going mental. That is all

Theoretically, Bitcoin has been going sideways for a year. ETH has been going sideways since 2021. Panicking left and right and no progress has been made even with the dollar going down.

I’m still down nearly 2x from my portfolio’s all-time high back in December. I’ve been holding alts since around November 2023, and while some (like Solana) have had strong runs, most of my positions are basically back to where I started. That leaves my portfolio up about 100% overall, compared to the 400% it was showing in December 2024.

Come on ADA you need to start moving over $1. Last cycle it stayed above $1.20 for most of the bull run

Markets rally, bitcoin dips. Markets bleeds, bitcoin dumps. Make it make sense

What is the most hated alt on r/cc now?? A few months ago it was CRO with endless hate posts here and just a few days ago it became the best performing alt in the top 100 lol

Ever the optimist, but this is starting to maybe look like a double top. No meaningful price change since Jan, apart from new ATH which just barely passed previous one. Very similar timeframe between Jan - Aug ATHs (207 days) and Aril-Dec '21 ATHs (211 days). You could say that it's still too early for a top, but this whole cycle seems to have been brought forward, starting with new ATH before the halving for the first time ever. Just food for thought, not trying to get anyone to panic. Sometimes you got to take a step back and consider all options.

Cro was so good until the dodgy ass 70 billion unburn token announcement. This shit became so hard to hold and such an emotional rollercoaster. They did a rigged voting for the unburn where 80% of the voters were their own ppl lol if anyone even remembers this

Joke market

Come on link, only 4x for lambo

Moved some BTC into LINK. Hope I don't regret, though I think over the timeframe of a few months I won't.

Times have changed, CRO is about to flip ETH, CRO is the new financial future, old man ETH is outdated, old |Time|CRO|ETH| |:-|:-|:-| |3h|\+25%|\+0.8%| |15h|\+50%|\-2%| |40h|\+120%|\+2.5%|

26,000 more MOONs bought and burned 9 hours ago. Supply shock cooking

Can I still ape in CRO??? And btw I already started counting for my favorite month. 34 days and we finally are in Upctober.

4.8k ETH today

kinda sad that today there are so many altcoins green while I only have BTC and ETH

When %0.015 holds %40, you are just their dumb exit

Newcastle United announce multi-year partnership with BYDFi Wey aye us toon army howay crypto. Translation: Great to be in crypto isn't it chaps.

BlackRock Bitcoin ETF holdings overtake Coinbase, Binance

Funny that BlackRock owns more than Coinbase, while Coinbase being the custodian for BlackRock

Welcome to the era of institutional adoption fellas!

Im not looking it up, but outside of custody shit, id guess that cb and binance actually own an absolute shitload more crypto than blackrock does.

Jebus. With every large finance company, crypto companies, and now countries, cities and various other company types attempting to hold BTC as a hedge/store of value, It seems more likely every year we see the insanity that would be 1sat = $1 (Understanding at that valuation it would assumably be impossible or end up being world wide reserves, or replacing multiple countries currencies)

Perhaps it's time for BlackRock to step up a gear by investing in infrastructure to directly manage the private keys of Bitcoins purchased on behalf of its clients, rather than continuing to delegate this to a third party (Coinbase). Not your keys, not your Bitcoin.

Bitcoin is here to stay.

Stack Bitcoin First or Split With Altcoins? If Bitcoin has a fixed supply, what’s the smarter move with a lump sum of savings? Would it make sense to buy as much Bitcoin as possible now since it’s capped and scarce, and then shift into altcoins later, or is it better to balance between Bitcoin and altcoins right from the beginning? This whole debate started offline with my coworkers and their argument is getting more heated by the day, so I figured I’d bring it here to get a range of opinions and see what other Redditors in the community think.

Do what I do. BTC and ETH. Thats it. Nothing else. And stay away from anything else. It's just not worth the hassle, pain, tears, sleepless nights, etc.

If I only had bought BTC I would be way better off then all my Alt gambling losses . ETH is worth holding and outside of that it’s basically a slot machine

i guess it depends on if you want to lose your money immediately or wait a while...

I split with alt coins and guess which coin is the only one I’ve made significant money on?

Most good altcoins are fixed supply as well, and often a lot more technologically advanced, but also can have flaws from their complexity or not being as big as bitcoin. And of course that goes for those that aren't actually scammy or pointless like so many especially meme coins and most L2 tokens that people just print with a mouse click and that don't actually do anything. I say, if you want to invest into alts, do your research diligently and be careful, alts can pump more, but they also can have it harder to not crash as hard as there's far more competition and not as good sentiment towards them because of how many there are (including scams and dumb worthless ones), and how much bitcoin maxis are spreading the hate against them all, claiming they are all scams with no exceptions and bitcoin is the only legitimate one to the point of bitcoin not being crypto (it is) just to disassociate even harder. Also, it might be good to find the patterns in prices of btc and alts, for example noticing the 4 years cycle of bitcoin, and how alts often lag even many months after it. That can let you come up with strategies like buying btc at the bottom, then switching to alts when btc is up while alts not yet, and then selling alts after their pumps, wait for them all get back down and rise and repeat after 4 years.

If you are trying to hide the money from the government or your wife then choose the altcoins. Then that portion will be gone.

A long, long time ago I bought many alts pretty high and and when it was clear they weren't going back up anytime soon I moved them all into BTC. In terms of their ratio to BTC it was a massive loss, but fast forward all these years later and it was the best move I could have made. If someone was new I'd tell them go some combination of BTC and ETH with the majority being BTC (or just 100% BTC). If you want to try your hand at gambling and are prepared to sell when you see gains, then maybe play with some alts but keep them small. Outside of the bigger alts (XRP, SOL etc...) they're really just pure pennystock plays, although unlike pennystocks many of them aren't even trying to offer anything of value. You might find yourself really liking a coin and how it's executed (for instance I think HBAR is solid) but that doesn't mean I'm going to buy it over BTC/ETH... pick up some alts you love if you must but keep that part of your portfolio very small relative to your BTC/ETH stack... just my opinion but if you like gambling go to a casino otherwise you're just mucking around with the crypto version of low cap pennystocks that occasionally pump and dump and will see the odd 100x gain. But it wont be anything you're holding in any large quantity if it did, that's how it works.

yes, save first gamble later

I bought a composite portfolio of the top alts at pretty much the bottom after last crash. It is doing well, but only because it's heavily weighted to Eth and as of right now I would've done much better if I just put it all into Bitcoin at the same time, so I guess we'll have to see if we get some sort of alt season this fall or not...

Stack sats and keep calm

Arguably, the coin doesn't matter in the short term as long as it's one of the top ones and you go all in at an ATH. Long term you'll have to choose something that maintains value, BTC is one of the best here. The most important plan is to have a strategy and DCA. No matter the coin, they'll have highs and lows, while BTC and ETH may retain more value long-term, other crypto likely fall to old historical lows. At the end of the day, we know jackshit about the future. So take precautions and hope that your invesment is outpacing imflation when you need the money.

Pro tip from someone that’s been in the space since 2013. Stick to Bitcoin, only Bitcoin. Altcoins are just a distraction that will end up losing most people money compared to just sticking to Bitcoin.

btc bro, you can hodl it long term without much worry and even step away, raise family, and still come back to find it hodling value. but with alts, you got to time your entries and exits just right.

I think Bitcoin should always be the starting point and this position should be maintained for many years, then when there is money to go to Las Vegas, a small amount of altcoin is good for gambling passion.

Bitcoin first and learn why that's all you really need. The rest is gambling. Just buy a scratch off or play the lottery.

> Stack Bitcoin First this

If you're new, wait for the market crash, then go BTC and maybe ETH if you want. Everything else at this point is gambling. We're in a heated market. The only reason you should enter the market for the first time now is if youre intent on pumping our bags (please and thank you)

Allocate 99% of your investment into Bitcoin. Buy a cheeseburger with the rest. 99.9 % of altcoins are dead after the dump. Great way to lose money.

Personally I split evenly between 50% Bitcoin and the other 50% into Bitcoin

Only bitcoin. Unless ur a gambler.

Is it buttcoin season or alt season? You target what's in season. Shamone Lee.

I'm all in for altseason

Generally yeah, BTC is less risky and good entry into Crypto. But the scarcity of BTC will never really reflect visibly on the price, it is a very gradual process.

Nobody knows shit about fuck so the answer is *yes*.

BTC first. If you're going to get into alts, wait until this bull market blows off and look for bargains.

I love fiat !! I just love fiat paper. Nothing feels better than pulling paper from an ATM. So emotional. And crypto? Oh , Bitcoin is "the future" … except no one really uses it. But don’t worry, fiat isn’t going anywhere. It’s only going to be replaced by digital coins… or maybe real freedom money like crypto. Bitcoiners? They’re the most emotional of all. They think no other coin could ever take its place. Cute. But something will replace it. Which coin? Not sure. My guess? You know from my posts No miners, no drama. Businesses use it, and bag holders run nodes just to protect their money. As for me, I’ll run 10 heavy nodes if anyone even threatens it.

>But don’t worry, fiat isn’t going anywhere is not fiat that is going away, but what you can buy with a certain amount of it

Ramblings of a lunatic

Why does this sound like Chat

I know. I use crypto to increase my fiat

I hate fiat. But I will miss physical money.

I conduct 99% of my business without touching paper. Therefore, there is opportunity to make the digital banking space better. But when I need it, paper fiat is fun. But paper fiat (or the currency that backs it, rather) can also become worth less than the proprietary blend it is printed on.

CROW 🐦‍⬛ WITH KNIFE 🔪JUMPING ALONG SIDE CRO.🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Fiat is just a Medium of Exchange tool for transferring value. As long as its purchasing power doesn't change much on a month-to-month basis, it works great for that purpose. I can't do that with most non-stablecoin cryptocurrencies due to volatility. On the other hand, fiat is pretty bad as a store of value compared to ETFs, CDs, and MMAs.

Metaplanet Doubles Down on Bitcoin With $835M Share Sale

Is it just me but I can't take a company who calls themselves "Metaplanet" seriously

16.5 years ago, Hal Finney started running Bitcoin

Ah yes, the first successor to Satoshi as bitcoin’s CEO

Kinggg! He's one of a few that have invented tech that was crucial for Bitcoin's inception. Copy pasting from an old post I made David Lee Chaum is considered by many to be the grandfather of blockchain as his PhD Dissertation in June 1982 titled "Computer Systems Established, Maintained, and Trusted by Mutually Suspicious Groups" laid most of the foundational work. It wasn't until later when Stuart Haber and W. Scott Stornetta came up with the concept of digital time-stamping, which made altering dates infeasible and Hal Finney's Reusable Proof of Work system in 2004 were established that blockchain was introduced to the world in 2008.

Was this the first halfin

He a legend

ALS is so scary!

It's so crazy how quickly this has gone from silly internet 'money' people used for Silk Road and memes, to a hot button federal policy and monetary issue in the US.

One of the heroes without a cape

16 years of crashing to 0 USD any minute now.

I wonder if he ever cashed out. If not, I wonder what happened to the wallet.

Halfin, halfout!?

The closest guy we have to Satoshi and it doesn't matter whether he actually was him or not.

One of the few most important person in cryptocurrency and the most underrated

I want to suicide

I think he was Satoshi

Slow day? We're doing half-brithday announcements now... lol

This brings back memories.

He liked to run and also run bitcoin. Legend

RUNNING SPX6900

I'm running SPX6900 with my frens right now!

I wonder what my dude would think about modern application. If he believed even half of Satoshi’s ethos he’d be disappointed

16.5 years? Must be a slow crypto news day

RIP Mr Nakamoto

Hal Finney, or more widely known as Satoshi Nakamoto

He is not dead.

Hal died on this day 11 years ago.

If only I knew about BTC then. What a dream.

Running SPX6900 (together with all my aeons)

Inventor of a ponzi scheme

Are Airdrops Really Building Communities, or Just Funding Quick Flips? Over the last few years, crypto projects have handed out millions in airdrops and rewards. On paper, it looks like a great way to attract users. In reality, many tokens end up in short-term speculation, while the actual communities remain small and disengaged. Some patterns we’ve noticed: * **Unequal distribution:** Top wallets often get the biggest slice, regardless of participation. * **Quick flips:** Tokens are dumped almost immediately, leaving projects with hype but no lasting engagement. * **Contribution invisibility:** It’s hard to distinguish who is genuinely helping a project versus just chasing rewards. Some projects are experimenting with **proof-of-participation**, **reputation-based systems**, or **activity-weighted rewards**. For example, Nomis has been exploring ways to **secure more meaningful airdrops** and actively discusses Dex launches on Twitter—showing how platforms can try to reduce quick-dump behavior and reward real contributors. Curious to hear what the community thinks: * Have you seen any airdrops or reward models that truly foster long-term engagement? * What mechanisms would make you feel rewarded for contributing, rather than just holding or speculating? Bonus points if you’ve seen examples that **actually work in the wild -** we’d love to learn from them And what do you think about it

Iron rule: never buy tokens shilled by Kaito KoLs, paid for by airdrops, or tokens heavily farmed by no-life 24/7 testnet "clickers", discord bots, or industrial LP farmers. And you will go a long way to save yourself from losing money. Over time, you will realize this space has too many unemployed bums relying on airdrops as their primary income. So if you buy, you are basically paying for crypto's welfare state.

I feel back in the days they were actually building something, or at least trying to Today feels like a whole different story...

It's a marketing stunt, just like how every chain a few years ago started "burning", even if it didn't make sense.

At the risk of shilling i have enjoyed the way flare (flr) has gone about the airdrops. Initially 15% was given from a snapshot of people holding xrp, and excluding ripples position, with initial theory being the remaining 85% would continue dropping over 3 years. They did change it so the 85% follow on drops were based on who then held flr rather than xrp snapshot which did get some negative press at the time but was probably a good choice as it incentivised those holding onto flr, or buying in, not just those present at the snapshot. Nearly 3 years later and it’s nicely distributed and rewarded those building/remaining onboard. Love them or hate them but xrp holders are a solid community so doesn’t hurt to start off building on the backs of giants as it were. It is hard to avoid profit takers and new projects/drops getting shat on l, sold off or sniped so as much as it hasn’t been perfect it has certainly been a better thought out and executed airdrop than most

99.9% of crypto creators made the crypto and do the things they do to pump it and make money.

you know how a drug dealer first gives out some drugs for free to gain lifelong customers, in this case if they don't get customers at least they get free shills to shill their coin

Communities are usually the bag holders after a dump :p

Wayfinder: AI agents step into DeFi PROMPT is making noise with its idea of an omnichain protocol for autonomous AI agents. These “shells” can handle swaps, liquidity adds, or staking - all triggered by simple natural-language commands. Even beginners could say: *“swap 0.5 ETH for SOL and stake it” -* and the agent gets it done. 📊 **Key stats**: \~$0.25 per token, \~$82M market cap, \~$120M daily volume, 325M tokens in circulation (\~33% of total). 🧩 **What stands out**: * **Wayfinding Paths** → agents reuse & improve community-built “maps.” * **Memory** → they learn from past transactions, becoming smarter. * **Omnichain** → seamless cross-chain execution (Ethereum, Solana, Base). Tokenomics: PROMPT fuels shells, staking, and governance. The project brands itself as a kind of *“Google Maps for Web3.”* Interesting note: the coin is already listed on multiple exchanges, but WhiteBIT isn’t on the list yet. That feels like a missed opportunity. Do you think AI-driven protocols like this can really simplify DeFi for mainstream users?

I have used this and it is pretty slick. You can ask it for the best yield farming opportunities and it will search all chains for you.

It’s an appealing concept-thinking of using it myself. Love the natural language commands, having the agents do all the complicated stuff. Yea, I think the indebted Everyman will use it en masse one day. I’ve started to DCA.

What a Digital Euro on Ethereum or Solana Means for Europe’s Monetary Sovereignty - Decrypt

People going to put national currencies on a blockchain that crashes regularly and spelled backwards is AnalOS?

Seems like a race to spread fiat to more holders so the printers can go brrrrr. 🙃

They should really be launching on multiple public blockchains. All the popular stablecoins are native (i.e. not bridged) on multiple blockchains, which allows for greater flexibility, reach, and liquidity.

As per usual Europe will debate another 2-5 years before making move. And then they say "we need to catch up to stay competitive."

You should expect EUR based stablecoins, but not official CBDC Euro. The reason is simple: They're all in for you depositing to banks and getting stablecoins in return, but they're absolutely against you withdrawing from banks and moving your funds Central Bank Digital Currency

A loss of sovereignty?

Ethereum I can live with, but Solana? Don't want my money to be locked due to some network outage!

JUST IN: 🇯🇵 Metaplanet to raise $837 million to buy more Bitcoin. Metaplanet, a Japanese listed company, plans to raise ¥130.334 billion ($881 million) through an international share offering. The funds will be used to purchase ¥123.818 billion ($837 million) in Bitcoin between September and October 2025 and allocate ¥6.516 billion ($44 million) for Bitcoin financial operations. As of August 25, 2025, the company holds 18,991 Bitcoins, valued at approximately ¥314.6 billion. Against this backdrop, the Company believes that the strategic significance of Bitcoin (“BTC”) is rising rapidly, due to factors such as its high scarcity (as it has a clear programmed issuance cap and issuance cannot be arbitrarily increased), the convenience of swift and low-cost storage or transfer without border or physical constraints, and the transparency and reliability of transactions not requiring third- party trust.

\> Metaplanet to raise $837 million to buy more Bitcoin ...and I am still trying to put together $83,7 bucks to buy me more btc 😅

Oh look, another business doing a “treasury strategy”. Literally taking money from idiots to pay themselves to buy an asset those same idiots could just buy themselves. This ShitCo has 17 employees and they’re taking $44 million of the offering to pay themselves. Unreal that people fall for this.

Oh no why is that moron suddenly in reddit and spamming his crap news here as well. -_-

I would also like to raise some money to buy some shitcoins... where can I apply?

Rookie numbers

Ah, yes. BTC, the cryptocurrency of the future. With the many usecases of; companies buying BTC in a gamble to increase their stock value, and... ?

Ethereum ETFs See $455M Inflows, Outpace Bitcoin Funds | CoinMarketCap

But price still go down

Hemi Labs Raises $15M to Expand Bitcoin Programmability

Don't pay attention to ETH we're still cool!

lol just succumb to Ethereum and things get easier.

100+ Crypto Orgs to Congress: Protect Devs, Not Punish Them A pretty big letter dropped this week: 112 organizations signed on through the DeFi Education Fund, urging the Senate Banking and Ag Committees to prioritize developer protections. The asks include: → treat blockchains as neutral infrastructure, not intermediaries → protect open-source developers and noncustodial frontends from liability → make it federal instead of leaving it to 50 different state regimes → build on what’s already in BRCA and Keep Your Coins The U.S. share of open source crypto developers has fallen from 25% in 2021 to 18% in 2025. This kinda reflects policy uncertainty driving builders away. The list of signers here are not just the DeFi protocols like Uniswap, Aave, and dYdX. You’ve also got infra builders like Aptos Labs, StarkWare, Decibel, Polygon, etc.

Crypto trader ups MEXC 'bounty' to $2.5M after in-person KYC request

MexC is a scam exchange

this is called shaving, the whole reason AML/KYC exist is so these exchanges can weaponize it and steal. before AML/KYC, stock exchanges would also shave traders with fake network lag or disabling panic button on losing trades etc... KYC abuse is very convenient cus the exchange can just always claim "suspicious activity" or "not enough documents"

He might as well use that 2.5m to sue MEXC. and here is the [detail (bounty closed)](

They did that to me too because i fucked over their market making bots and profitted like 4-5 digits and i could only get my money after literally sending soooo much info after months, i feared at one point they were going to ask for a selfie with a sharpie in my pooper.

Mexc is loving the free publicity

WEN MEXC DEFAULT/EXIT/"HACK"?

Why would you trade on a Malaysian based crypto exchange

What are the chances that this is someone law enforcement is eager to meet, and they're forcing MEXC to lure him out into the open so they can nab him? Anyone willing to give up millions to keep their anonymity probably has good reasons beyond moral high ground to do it. That, or the millions is a drop in the bucket and this is all just a game to them...

yeah MEXC lots of noise around that exchange from time to time. CEXs in general getting fierce with their AML enforcement which is not infallible but they act like it is and don't even tell you wtf is going on. Same as trading with hot wallets, don't keep your entire stash in one place. It's not yours until they let you withdraw.

Bitmine Adds Another 4,871 Ethereum To Treasury, bringing its Total Holdings to 1,718,770 ETH valued at $7.65 billion * Bitmine, Ethereum's largest corporate holder, has accumulated 4,871 ETH worth $21.28M, bringing its total holdings to 1,718,770 ETH valued at $7.65 billion. * Strong whale activity, institutional demand, and volatile short-term price swings indicate a pivotal moment for Ethereum. * Accumulation trend reinforces bullish continuation narrative and sets Ethereum apart as the leading altcoin for long-term growth. * Regulatory clarity in the US and tightening liquidity dynamics create a powerful backdrop for Ethereum, pointing to a market primed for continuation toward new milestones.

It's definitely ETH Season.

and so the ETH rush has begun

I reckon at some point we are going to run out of sellers

BMNR will be an interesting stock to hold. Especially if it dilutes down into the low 30s before eth starts running. Would be hard to resist an entry there

Venezuela’s Crypto Adoption Surges amid Inflation and Currency Collapse Venezuela's economy is facing crisis, with many turning to cryptocurrencies for remittances due to high fees and shortages with traditional services like Western Union. Digital assets made up 9% of $5.4 billion in remittances in 2023, with Binance restricting services due to US sanctions. The government's stance on crypto is inconsistent, with the collapse of its own digital currency, the petro, and the shutdown of its main exchange regulator in 2023.

America will be there in a few years

what’s happening there with inflation is disgusting, some countries need cryptos more than others!

Private Key Storage: I'm seeing the phrase "seed vault" tossed around. How is this better than storing 12 words on sheet metal in a fireproof safe? Please note: I've always been **against** the idea of digital means of storing a recovery phrase. I've seen too many people say things like, "I kept my recovery phrase on a screenshot on an encrypted hard drive and somehow hackers stole it from me." or "I stored my recovery phrase on a password-protected notepad file and somehow someone stole my crypto." But recently I read about something called a "seed vault" which seems different. I asked an LLM to give me a summary on it and describe how it is different, but I don't fully follow the explanation it gave me. How is this significantly safer or superior to just screenshotting a recovery phrase and storing it in your gallery on an android device?

People are going to lose funds with "seed vault". Humans are just terrible at coming up and keeping passwords/passphrases secure. They just are. 99.999999% of crypto "attacks" are online. Websites, spoofing, 0-day malware, device vulnerabilities, etc. It is boring but put seed phrase in a heavy secure fireproof "box". Is the superior analog solution.

If a user encrypts a seed phrase with his own passphrase, then he has to write the passphrase somewhere. It's simpler to write the seed phrase But what if there's an encryption method which doesn't require remembering or writing a passphrase? You don't need a LLM. I think the Vault12 Web page answers the questions I'm not advocating this company's services, but the page does (in a biased way) cover your question They're saying that using encryption is a safe way to have a digital copy of the seed phrase. But encryption is only safe if the decryption key can't be guessed. Your "encrypted hard drive" example suffers from the user having a weak password to decrypt his drive. Is there a way to have secure encryption without prompting the user to supply a passphrase? Not really. But there's a partial compromise which is better than most users' idea of secure - the biometrics (face ID or fingerprint) on your phone. Vault12 doesn't say whether they're using this, or some other method Aside: Vault12's "network of Guardians" key sharding method will frighten away most potential customers. But that doesn't matter. The concept of making an encrypted copy of a seed phrase doesn't require sharding You shouldn't be able to screenshot your recovery phrase in an Android wallet. But nothing can stop you photographing the screen with a different device. Either way, this exposes the image to data exfiltration malware, from the moment you make the image until it's encrypted. Also, unless you tell your Android not to store all your images in the cloud, it will be stored in the cloud - probably encrypted, and encrypted using your biometrics. If your device hasn't captured your biometrics, Android falls back to your PIN, password or 9-dot grid pattern To avoid asking the user for a passphrase, "modern" phone security is based on lesser things. Are these encryption methods good enough? So far, they are. I'm not aware of any reports of cloud storage being hacked if encrypted using these methods. The advantages of biometrics are * the user's data isn't exposed to his own weak password/passphrase * the user doesn't have to write or memorize a passphrase * the data is always accessible, even after losing a phone --- There's also the Block BitKey, released in 2024. This is a hardware wallet without a seed phrase. Instead it uses 2-of-3 multisig. One set of keys on the device, one set of keys on the user's phone, one set of keys held by Block. And the device itself relies on biometrics - it has a fingerprint scanner Not my idea of secure - but it demonstrates that there's more than one way to secure a wallet --- Also relevant, and recent

do you not store your cash and cash equivalent collectible pokemon cards in a vault deep underground?

The difference between the screenshot and the vault is that the vault encrypts your passphrase. A screenshot not

Of course.. You could also laser edge it as a holographic image into a diamond. Just a question of your personal means and how much protection you need. $10 in crypto on a $100 device, likely isn't the best ratio...

Your physical option is much better, but the seed vaults aren't an entirely bad option.

Just add an old school encryption on top of the hardware encryption, Like take 5 of your preferred book and replace your seed phrases word by coordinates in the book, so only you will be able to decrypt it

8 years later the finally are starting to put the pieces together.

slowly? it has been under attack forever, and the opposite of slowly!

We will get through this.

As long as the US Supreme Leader and his family clan see crypto as a way to scam people‘s money into their own pockets crypto continues to be a sound investment

They are still not there yet, it takes them ages. But that this propaganda smooth talker is starting to think is remarkable.

Centralized Crypto Exchange Risks: MEXC’s Account Freezes And The Erosion Of Investor Trust

it can never be repeated enough: not your keys, not your coin

Freezing accounts by centralised entities is a lucrative business. They claim to do it to comply with the regulations so they feel invincible.

1 in 4 UK adults open to investing in crypto for retirement: Survey

“Those are rookie numbers”

For the retirement of their money...

Hahahaha! Do it! Invest ALL your money in crypto!

Doesn’t matter if they don’t have the discipline to have money that’s off limits to themselves.

"Motivated by higher potential returns"..... really gives me the chills. I hope they only buy bitcoin with a fraction of their retirement savings.

Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin in choppy trade, slips to 7-week's low. Is it time to buy the dip?

>Is it time to buy the dip? dip, ath, it doesn’t matter I’m DCAing regardless its price

Even if you buy the dip, there'll be a dip of that dip and then a dippity of that dip of your original dip. I just buy now and bag hold for years.

Trump media firm raises $6.4 billion to invest in Crypto.com’s digital token, deal includes purchase of Trump stock

And this, people, is the result of voting a shady dude into The White House: unbridled corruption and unchecked fraud. But hey, at least its not the Dems doing it...smh

CRO jumped 40% because of this. Un fucking believable. The US presidency is such a total joke at this point wtf

If literally _**any**_ other president in the last 100 years had done something like this they would have been impeached for corruption. Could you _**even fucking imagine**_ if Barack Obama had done 1/100th of the shit Trump has?! The GOP would have impeached him, hanged him and then drawn and quartered him. They would have done it in public with pitchforks and torches. We are not pissed off enough. We are letting corruption rule our country and we are now the bad guys.

pump my bags you orange fuck

70B CRO tokens went from "burned" to "unburned" for this. The insult is that the community voted back in that time for the burn to happen. Or yea, the Monaco token situation... Do I have to continue? This speaks a lot for CDC

>As part of the deal, Trump Media will also partner with Crypto.com to add the crypto exchange’s token and crypto wallet to its platforms. In return, the crypto exchange will buy $50 million of Trump Media’s stock, and the Trump public company will buy $105 million of Crypto.com’s cryptocurrency. Holy shit that's some blatant In your face corruption right there.

lmao, how is this legal

The crypto crash that he causes will hurt so many people. Just wait.

Reading these comments… When did Crypto lurch violently to the right? The core principles of blockchain technology were decentralization, transparency, immutability and control via the community rather than having a leader. Is it now just a ‘use it to make more dollars and it’s funny because there’s a dog on it’ mentality?

Is this the silver, gold or the platinum fortune

What ever happened to “the buck stops here”

Also: * Trump Media will purchase approximately $105 million in CRO for its balance sheet, while Crypto.com will purchase $50 million in shares of Trump Media's common stock. * Trump Media will introduce a rewards system on Truth Social and Truth+ platforms using Crypto.com's digital wallet infrastructure and CRO as a utility token. * Crypto.com will provide digital wallet infrastructure for Truth Social's rewards program. * Both companies will co-market the Truth+ platform and the Crypto.com wallet.

I don’t know the US law, but it seems many things he does are very close to be conflict of interests

They are going to use $1 billion in CRO to "fund" their CRO treasury, also borrow $5 Billion cash?! WTF what could go wrong?! It's official. they are all trying to copy Michael Saylor. and when these "companies" implode, the bear market will be of biblical proportions...

Casino mode on ✅

What is CRO utility ? I came to party late .

Very cool and very legal /s

lmao this timeline is wild. trump stock pumping off a CRO buy is not something i had on my 2025 bingo card.

I remember this subreddit during the election.

Who is bribing the President, today?

Another scam

If you voted for this....fuck you.

Selling this shitcoin thanks for pumping my bags but fuck all of this

THis is the exact opposite of what crypto was to do.

Do not use CDC now. Hit Trump in his pocketbook. Leave him holding the bag.

Is there any info on when this investment will actually take place? CRO went from 10 to 13c in the weeks before this announcement so someone is buying behing the scenes For clarity sake, I sold by bag when this was announced, just about managed to make a small bit of profile after buying in in early 2022

I think something must have clicked after Trump's experience on its experiment with NFTs. He is going all out cryptocurrency, whether this action is genuine or not, I guess time will tell. For what its worth, he did promise during his campaign he was going to make America the Hub of crypto.

Step 1 - "BURN" 70 Billion tokens and pump it 1000% Step 2 - Dump personal tokens to afford expensive partnerships and sponsorships Step 3 - Magically un-burn 70 Billion tokens and give it to Trump and pump it Step 4 - Dump personal bags again

But… but… Cracker Barrel…

Trumps just getting their latest platinum diamond plutonium credit card, $6.4 billion locked up for only 6 months, total value after lock up is over… $47,000. Crypto.com is a pro at that. They’ve been doing it since inception.

HILARY RUSSIA HUNTER BIDEN LAPTOP SOMETHING SOMETHING MONEY GOOD 👍

Just imagine how much money his friends and family are making on all this. The corruption is so blatant.

Well after owning this shit coin for Matt Damon years I’m finally making a profit. Possibly a good time to sell it all.

so bribe baked into deal.. Nice

Grifters gonna grift.

Hey he’s the crypto president/savior right! This is what the community wanted. /s

I'd put money on crypto.com getting it's ars hacked into oblivion.

So let’s hear that one again about how most Americans are not dumb racist hicks , etc etc

The fucking problem is his supporters are so god damn far up his ass that if you were to send this to a trumper and say see look how fucking corrupt he is, they’re only response would be hell yeah that’s my guy! As if they are best buds with him and not that he’s taking advantage of every last one of them. They are just so so so insanely delusional that it’s incomprehensible

Most corrupt mother fucker ever lived. Amazing.

Wow, the United States actually elected this guy as their president. It’s shocking! It’s almost as like they like to be kept down and beg for more abuse. So odd.

"I have the right to do anything I want because I'm the President " donnie

Thank you, Mr. Trump. Now I have exit liquidity lol. When we get to the start of alt-season, I’ll sell off immediately.

if anyone has crypto com token,id drop it now.

Just get CRO over .55 so my dumb ass can at least break even.

Cash in on the presidency.

Of course my CRO limit sell didn't trigger when it hit said limit. I can't wait to be done with this garbage cex.

What do You think about Zepp Health Stock put?⬇️ More Effort than crypto probably

What years of "This is good for Bitcoin!" does to a mfer.

Someone needs to take care of that old man.

Did wonder why my random £5 CRO holding was up by 47% 🤣 A WIN IS A WIN

And his $trump coin is dead

Do Trump voters really not see that this is massively corrupt?

Hence why he’s going through what he is now health wise..

Don't touch CRO. You will get burned. This is financial advice.

no idea how this is legal and fuck trump but i am carrying a fucking bag of worthless CRO for quite a while, so let’s fucking go?!

That explains the 20% spike

Nothing to see here

A scammer getting scammed by a scammer. Scamception

CRO sucks already and its going down the drain after this.

Grifter in chief

Complete corruption on front page and they whined about Hunter Biden and Ukraine deals for years.

So dubious. My experience: I got a ruby card when they came out and liked it at first Took out most of my funds over 2 years a go when they were on a rapid decline. Closed the card out and made some decent profit before that. After they started charging higher spreads, promoting NFTs and gamifying everything and US cracked down on KYC I only used them for a few projects that weren't on krkn or cb since kicoin and binance started fading as options. Got out the rest of my funds out in the last few weeks only, damnit. Go figure I would have made out if I held that shit but same can be said for most projects I let go of. I'm sticking to my beliefs and holding the top 10 things and I do not support that corporate centralized BS for good reason.

Cro figured out how to grift.

Is now a good time to buy trump coin then 🤔 😆

All politicians are dirty

The company is barely worth par value. This is so sketchy.

CRO is a scam token glad to see the Trumps will be scammed

Wait so I’m not saying I’m a fan of Trump… but why do people care if he raised money with his own company and is reinvesting it into one of his stocks?

This should be titled,,Scam alert”.

Bla bla bla How do i make money out of this is the real question

Glad i dumped all mine before this

Islamic Scholar Adnaan Menk on crypto.

Crypto hitting the halal/haram debate shows how far adoption has come. But seriously, Islamic finance looks at transparency, fairness, and real utility, so whether BTC or other tokens qualify often depends on how they’re used.

No one gives a fuck

He should stick with one cult at a time, because his explanation here is terrible.

Ethereum Treasury SharpLink Adds $252 Million in ETH now Holding nearly 800,000 ETH valued around $3.6 Billion **TL;DR** * SharpLink Gaming added around $250 million in Ethereum to its treasury last week. * The firm now holds nearly 800,000 ETH valued around $3.6 billion. * Myriad predictors are split as to whether or not the firm will reach its goal of 1 million ETH by mid-September.

Stack that cheese

Patience is paying off.

Meanwhile I’m over here adding $25 worth of ETH to my bag and feeling like I moved the market.

Vitalik approves

BMNR has double the amount in 2 months less time

Holy fuck, so much wasted potential. I sold mine a month ago..

Ok. Now, I know what to shoot for to be s player...thx

Get in before $10K LFG GLTA 💎 ✋ 🚀 🌙

Crypto's U.S. Policy Aims May Pivot on Resistance from Democratic Senator Warner

Crypto policy in the U.S. changes directions more often than my trading strategy at 3am.

If all the blockchains are "backwards compatible" where / how is there a moat The new state coin is not dominated by a certain blockchain like ETH? FRNT - Wyoming stable coin is available on seven major chains * Ethereum * Solana * Arbitrum * Avalanche * Polygon * Optimism * Base Example for AVAX vs ETH "Ethereum applications and products can technically be made available on Avalanche because Avalanche's C-Chain is fully compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). This means developers can port Ethereum-based decentralized apps (dApps) to Avalanche with minimal changes to the codebase." "Transactions on Avalanche (AVAX) are generally much cheaper than on Ethereum (ETH). The average transaction fee on Avalanche is typically around $0.01 to $0.08, while Ethereum's average transaction fee is about $0.48 as of August 2025. " \*I have a small position in SBET and ETH.

Network effect and specialization.

Moats in crypto aren’t only about technical compatibility. They can come from network effects (developer base, liquidity, users), security guarantees, and ecosystem maturity. Even if chains are EVM-compatible, Ethereum still benefits from being the most battle-tested with the deepest liquidity.

Just because it’s compatible doesn’t mean people’ll want to use it. Think of chains as delivery companies. If you’re sending expensive stuff would you use DHL or SomeShadyWebsite.com. Both are “backwards compatible” with your parcel. More than just fees, the chain’s developers and governance, reliablity, security, level of decentralization and network effect also matters, and even more so for valuable transactions. The moat comes from this track record. Without all these, any chain can be compatible but worthless for serious users.

Depends on what you mean by “moat”. Most informed ppl have just settled on “blockspace will get commoditized” from a tech perspective. If you just want to use a ledger and be agnostic on what asset populates on it, most leading blockchains are really interchangeable. I bridge everywhere and use whatever. The blockchain’s moat is more socially and memetically defined by its native assets. You want to use blockchain X because you want its native assets. There is really no other sane way to rationalize how this space operates.

competition is in fees and security. ETH is more expensive but more secure. usually core smart contracts for tokens live on ETH with bridges to other chains. L2s are cheaper but less secure and more centralized which could lead to censorship or loss of funds. For example, if the company polygon goes under the chain would likely collapse itself and people with funds on it would lose there money

Still bullish 💎

Sp500 ATH after ATH after ATH, if only BTC could follow...

we're about to go up so haaardd

We are a very great distance from back

XRP is probably the most overvalued cryptocurrency at the moment.

The last few times, NVIDIA beat estimates and crypto did absolutely nothing. However if they miss it once it would be so typical for crypto to take a dump

I am back from my ban. Still bullish on ETH, of course. Let's go!

ETH/BTC reversing all the losses over the years

NMR is doing crazy things since the JPMorgan investment huh

Waiting for reddit/market response to see if NIVIDIA earning good/bad... R they even out yet

If you’re an introvert, read the docs, have a decent bs meter, and are chronically online crypto isn’t that difficult

i was promised a legendary bull market. instead we get this shit

Just sold another 10% of my Cro stash. I guess profit is profit... 10% every 10% increase in price is my plan, seems reasonable, or not?

Man reddit really had died. I remember seeing so much more here before.

I bet CRO will make that dirty mentions list today 😮‍💨

Quick reminder: always double-check contract addresses from official sources (CoinGecko, CMC, or the project’s official website). Copy-pasting from random Telegram/Twitter posts is a fast track to getting scammed.

Thinking of buying some alts - Optimism, Ondo, Aptos or Virtuals. Any idea which of them is better?

Btw friday is the Core PCE drop

opened a short on bitcoin so, as a hodler, I'm happy either way.

Just bought some more bitcoin, it will crash now!

I really wish I didnt stake my CRO so I could sell this coin... Whenever I get to unstake I bet I'm back down to break even again

Can’t wait for rektember, dumptober and then to finish deadcember

May we be blessed with green

Wonder what things Wednesday will bring?

We always waiting for "something" to happen to move the price up.

Is that guy who used to make a shit ton of CRO is a scam posts alive?

Scheduled programme resumes after brief interruption.

I am 100% sure that we will get Upctober. But what about September? Uptember or Wrecktember?

sol flying, why???

CRO up 45%. i sold. Thank you for your attention.

When are Nividia Earnings releasing?

An algorithm I've been watching basically sold 50% of it's holdings.

There will be no parabolic BTC pump this time because Bitcoin basically straight lined up this cycle if you view the chart from far out. Volatility is so low this cycle.

Been swing trading since BTC first hit 100k. Kinda feels like I’m on thin ice now… but I still want in on the action. 😫

Sweet ass pump

BTC.D under 58%, 56% next. Onboard alt season

Is anyone optimistic about Nvidia's earnings report?

Kinda weird that memes haven't enjoyed any gains in this absolute slaughter of Bitcoin dominance. They used to fly in the previous drops in BTC.d

How many days until CRO (CDC's coin) is back at 0.08?

So pokemon cards make money now?

And just like that a 1% recovery lost after a 10% drop lol

Sold my CRO at a 92% gain #ImFree

WTF happened with CRO?

Bears really betting against a man who wears a leather jacket and signs tiddies.

Since the institutionalization of Bitcoin. If you aren't selling the pumps, you're bagging the dumps. Why wait every 4 years for profit when big business can buy/sell on a daily basis while evading taxes like you plebs need to abide by.

We desperately need a new rumor to buy

Fun fact: Based on wallet analysis, less than 1% of POL/MATIC holders are in profit

And sign of green …. Any sign of fucking green is always fucking sold of or some dumb cunt something bad and back in the fucking red . I’m over this POS market

I love seeing btc dominance drop . Keep selling btc and buy alt / shit coins and pump

Holy moly what a green dildo CKB just now

We pampin at market Open

Stock market seems flat and if NVDA dumps we're following it down

That kta dump 😍😍😍😍

Most mentions on r/cc (2025-08-26 00:00:00): ||Mentions| |:-|:-| |BTC|211| |ETH|55| |CRO|40| |MOON|32| |XRP|18| |SAFE|15| |NANO|13| |USDT|13| |LINK|12| |SOL|12| |CEL|11| |IP|10| |HOME|8| |MATIC|8| |ICP|7| |ME|7| |USDC|7| |FLOW|6| |AAVE|5| |LUNA|5| [Data source and app](

Have a look at the charts for WLFI and XPL on hyperliquid. Biggest scam wicks I've ever seen and only on their platform. Yikes!

You aren't going to have a chance to react once the NVDA earnings are announced. The market will start moving as investors hear the news first. Watch the charts for momentum either way.

Ngl, for the first time this cycle I'm feeling annoyed.

Have to love Ethereum, been eyeing that baby since it was 900. Gonna buy it if it hits 10k by then the fomo will be too big!!

Nvidia had record sales numbers, yet the market is going down. I don’t get it

Markets in general have a 60% chance of being down in September. Reading this sub, you would’ve thought it was more like 110%.

Another strong day for ETH ETF flows.....BTC lagging way, way behind.

Eth is one of the best coins with good upwards potential

What time is Nvidia release actually

32182 ETH validators waiting to exit in the queue, a rush to the gate... that's 1,029,824 ETH.

Pump my bags Don, pump them good.

Remember when everyone was hating on SOL? Yeah, pepperidge farm remembers

No matter how bumpy the road, you will eventually reach your destination.

HYPE is now over $50 per coin. Started at $2-$3 not even a year ago. Yes it is still possible to do crazy multiples with altcoins…

here they are! tiny yet glorious green candle coming back to all of us

I'm thinking we're going to be mostly sideways until the FOMC since right now the market seems to want to react catastrophically to every single little economic indicator that's off even a little bit. Everyone hedging their bets I suppose.

ETH do something

Why the sudden SOL pump?

Hype on a tear again

Keep pumpin boys

This "bullrun" is gay AF!

Just sold some btc for eth. Time for pumptember

Of Bitcoin’s throne, they were not sure, And chased the next big thing,obscure. “This altcoin’s tech!”they all would cheer, While Bitcoin shrugged and drank their beer. They swapped their king for shiny dimes, And bought a thousand“next big times.” Their portfolios,a fractured mess, Of hopeful coins and great distress. For while they hunted quick, vast gains, Their Bitcoin stack just shrugged off pains. And now they view with weary sigh, The king they sold,that touched the sky.

where did all the Vangas go? Haven't seen them here for a week or so.

ok what is a good alt buy right now???

So is this cardano(and bitcoin etc) midnight airdrop safe? Signing transactions and such? I have a trezor. So is the signing done on my pc. Or am I click sign on my trezoe buttons? Don't want a ethereum type situation where some approved contract takes everything. Still reading over the how to/wiki on how to claim Thoughts?

I'll set tight stop losses for all my future longs, it can happen anything after NVDA earnings. Either I get stopped out or it's big gain day

always remember, BTC is the final destination, every altcoin is just a tool to accumulate more BTC

Im tired boss

Portfolio slight green this morning. I think we end up in the red by EOD

I'm back in all cash until we hear NVIDIA earnings. If its bad then crypto will dip hard expecting a stock market crash in the morning.

I wonder why retail (excluding this sub) isnt already here & invest in this clown market🤣

Yesterday it were shorts, today its the turn of longs. Nobody is allowed to make money but the rich.

Any full moons tonight

god holiday boy and johnny are so fucking annoying i can’t wait for the bear market just so these two will shut the fuck up for once. half the daily is these clowns and their smooth brain takes.

CRO still going.....

My father asked about cryptocurrencies😑 retail in?

Lol btc tanking with nvidia earnings report. DecEntRaliZed my ass. I will just go fully back to stocks at this point. No reason to hold stocks mirror for poor men.

Bitcoin vs Gold: Why Choose? Gold Bars Are Now Tokenized on BTC Blockchain

Two things to remember: Gold: You don't hold it, you don't own it. Crypto: Not your keys, not your crypto. The only ones who get rich off shit like this are the exchanges.

Nah i’m good with Ether.

I'd just melt it down and make a new gold bar. Deal with that lol. And when somebody steals your gold, you'll still have the token, right? Right?

It's like pax gold ?

Are they talking PAXG?

There’s already gold-linked markets, or you can trade gold on any forex or futures platform. Doing it on a blockchain, (the BTC one for gods sake), does nothing better.

Cool. But ahh how do you know how much gold there is? China just found a shit ton. How to keep track of all of it even if it's digital you still need constant physical audits.

Yeah sure, my BTC have gold linked to it, you can buy it from me for 50% extra, trust me bro

So, a gimmick.

Tokenizing gold on BTC essentially bridges the stability of a physical asset with the security of Bitcoin’s network. It allows fractional ownership, faster transfers, and global liquidity without needing to physically move the gold.

In search of some charts and data Does anyone here know where you can find exact and precise charts and data about tops and bottoms of coins, coin performance during the crypto market cycles, for example when a certain coin bottomed in the 2022/2023 bear market and how much times it x’ed in 2024/2025 bull market. Do you guys know where you can find this type of informations, whether it be graphs, charts, or even plain text? I would really like to deep dive into these kind of data and deeply investigate into each and every one of the top coins so I can make a better judgement come next cycle.

Tradingview?

Traidingview Dexscreener Birdeye ect.

Coingecko.

You can check sites like Glassnode, CryptoQuant, and IntoTheBlock for on-chain metrics (inflows, exchange balances, realized price, etc.). For cycle performance data, Messari and CoinMetrics also provide historical charts that highlight tops and bottoms across multiple cycles.

Bitcoin is ‘funny internet money’ during a crisis: Tezos co-founder

So what is tezos then?

These losers are constantly shitting on Bitcoin, yet the Tezos Foundation holds over 1 billion dollars of BTC. Hmmm

Someone wants to buy more at lower prices

Come on Arthur! TF is one of the biggest holders of BTC.

at least he said it's fun xD

He ain't wrong, everyone loves it when prices are up and they are in the green and they will call it a dcam once prices are down. Basic human behavior.

Sure,when you own hundreds of BTC,it becomes funny internet money.

Tezos is trash lol. You’re just giving attention to rage bait losers

Funny internet money? Tell that to the guy who bought a house with BTC before I even figured out how to buy pizza with it.

Isn't tezos irrelevant now? What have they been doing?

Conditions are setting up a possible ‘altcoin autumn’

Altcoin autumn? Does that mean altcoins are gonna fall?

Just pump already 🙏

‘Altcoin autumn’ usually refers to a period when BTC dominance stabilizes or declines, allowing liquidity to rotate into altcoins. Historically, this tends to happen after strong BTC rallies once traders look for higher risk/reward plays.

Oh stop this, literally every other article is about altcoin bull run is right around the corner, that’s not how bull runs start

CEO of Coinbase Asset Management Says Bitcoin and Crypto Markets Could Explode in ‘South Sea Bubble’-Style Move – Here’s His Forecast

I dont know if it was a poor choice of words but the south sea bubble was a massive scam that ruined many people.

At least he gave a realistic price range of $50k to $250k...

That price range, hhhmmm.

Itll happen, even if its only because everyone is dumb.

The South Sea Bubble comparison suggests a rapid, speculative rise followed by a sharp collapse. While crypto has experienced boom-and-bust cycles before, today’s market also has more institutional involvement, clearer regulation (in some regions), and real-world adoption drivers.

They need to focus on getting their own stock to explode first. Dumps horribly every quarter

As long as people love the coin for the coin’s sake all will be fine, but when many decide to reel in the profits…

I am ready for that

I expect flippening to happen in next 12 months. Bitcoin is losing ground since the block size drama in 2015-2016.

0/30 Market Cycle Top Indicators Have Fired - Still Early or Different This Time?

The question is....did this work in 2021?

Its always early in crypto apparently....

The difference seems to be that most people don't buy on chain crypto anymore, but rather go for ETFs. Maybe the indicators just don't capture the flow of the money accurately as they were 'trained' on retail behavior and in this market it's only a few big institutional investors doing big transactions on chain.

We don’t need those, sweety. We have indicators at home

What says that any of them need to fire for a top? BTC is very young and you can't really bet too much on historical indicators, many top indicators failed in 2021 too.

Was wondering this myself

Probably still early, but you can not trust blindly these indicators tbh

It’s different and will continue to evolve through widespread adoption. Crypto is now in the adoption phase infancy. We may see not so much season with cryptocurrencies decoupling from each other as whole and begin to mimic equities/ maybe look like a sectors more. We were supposed to destroy fiat, not join them! (obi wan to anakin. Still working the kinks)

The only top indicator is me buying crypto till a maxed out credit card with hope of gains

Sources: * Tweet: [ * Data: [

Each cycle is different, but similar to the previous one in indicators.

No, we have just different indicators this time.

Weapons activated

It does feel different this time, but I also don't think the top is in but I think time is limited and running out. So who knows!?

You will get wrecked relying on this lol

This indicators can definitely come in handy for forecasting the market, but at the end of the day, it only becomes more true when enough people believe in it and trade accordingly, basically a self-fulfilling prophecy.

In 2021 when was the first Top indicator fired?

Come on lucky #7!!

Where can I find this

Every bro and their dog are looking at this thing. I can't help but think this reduces its effectiveness greatly.

This time is fueled by institutional buyers I think, so its not a normal crypto bullrun

Young padawan

It's topped

This is what I am seeing?

The world needs a gaming-skin ETF!!! We already have ETFs for everything – crypto, uranium, whiskey – but nobody thinks about gaming skins. CS2 and Rust skins alone move billions. Cases are the blue chips, stickers/capsules are deflationary growth plays, and high-tiers like knives are the digital Rolexes. So why not create a gaming-skin ETF that bundles all of this? Either synthetic (just price-tracking) or physical… Maybe someone out there has the connections and motivation to actually make this happen. I’d buy into such a product immediately and add it to my portfolio. This post is meant as a thought-starter. Curious to hear your opinions :)

I’ve been investing in gaming skins for years. Stop telling people about it please.

i understand it may be fun for someone to get another instrument to gamble on a underlying useless "asset" but i think skins and cosmetics are already cancerous enough for gaming.

yeah ETF my reddit avatar(d)s!

Tokenized gaming skins

To each their own, and there’s a market. I just think it’s incredibly stupid.

Honestly, I’d throw money into a ‘Gaming-Skin ETF’ just to tell people I’m diversified across knives and dragon stickers. But for real, the skin economy has parallels with collectibles markets, so an ETF model could bring transparency and price discovery.

The administrative costs could be extremely expensive for this.

Na no one needs that

You mean the little kids that steal their parents credit card and go hog wild on fortnight?

Bitcoin Q2 dip similarities 'uncanny' as Coinbase Premium flips green

Buying the dip is when there's the suicide's phone number shown in this sub 😅

The Coinbase Premium flipping green usually suggests increased buying pressure from U.S. institutions vs. global exchanges. If historical Q2 dips show similar setups, it could imply accumulation phases rather than pure panic selling.

How Cross-Chain Bridges Work # tl;dr * Cross-chain bridges enable assets, data, and information to be transferred between isolated blockchain networks, providing interoperability. * Interoperability is crucial to unifying isolated blockchain ecosystems and improving user experiences. * Cross-chain bridges provide dApps and tokens with multi-chain strategies that can increase volume, liquidity, and profitability. * Token holders benefit from access to new opportunities, lower fees, and enhanced accessibility. # Understanding How Cross-Chain Bridges Work A cross-chain bridge is a protocol that enables the transfer of assets, data, or information between various blockchain networks. It allows users to interact with different blockchains, unlocking interoperability by facilitating communication and transactions between otherwise isolated ecosystems. Bridges are great for transferring tokens, using dApps across chains, and optimizing blockchain functionalities. # What Types of Cross-Chain Bridges Are There? There are several types of bridges in the web3 space, each serving a different purpose and need. As these bridges serve different roles, they operate in different ways. Here is a brief overview of different types of bridges: **Trust-based bridges** Trust-based bridges depend on a centralized authority to facilitate cross-chain asset transfers. Despite being less susceptible to hacking, trust-based bridges require trust in the authority. Trust-based bridges can support any asset, and all cross-chain bridges tend to fall between the categories of trust-based bridges or trustless bridges. **Trustless Bridges** As its name suggests, trustless bridges operate without a central authority. In contrast, trustless bridges rely on nodes or smart contracts, depending on the type of bridge. **Wrapped Asset and Altcoin Bridges** Many bridges focus on transferring wrapped assets and altcoins across different chains. Many of the assets are wrapped versions of popular cryptocurrencies, such as Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC), or less popular altcoins and tokens. Bridging these assets cross-chain opens up trading and arbitrage opportunities, as well as a higher trading volume on DEXs for the asset. **Stablecoin Bridges** Other bridges focus on various stablecoins such as USDT, USDC, and DAI. Some stablecoin bridges have integrated different bridging protocols, such as Circle’s CCTP for USDC or Chainlink’s CCIP, to allow the movement of these assets. **NFT Bridges** While NFTs may have lost some of their glamour, some bridges focus on transferring digital collectibles or NFTs across chains. NFT bridges tend to be relatively rare, as market interest in digital collectibles has died down, and meme coins have become the recent craze. # How do Cross-Chain Bridges Work? There are several types of bridging methods used in cross-chain bridges, depending on the specific bridge. Here are a few common methods: **Lock and Mint Bridging** One of the most common ways cross-chain bridges work is by using a lock and mint functionality. In this method, tokens are locked on one chain, and an equivalent number of tokens is minted on the other. Should the user want to bridge assets back to their original chain, the newly minted version of the tokens is burnt, and the locked tokens are released. **Burn & Mint Bridging** As its name suggests, with burn and mint, tokens are burnt (destroyed) on the source chain, and equivalent native tokens are minted on the destination chain. It is popular for one-way token bridging because it removes the source tokens from circulation. **Liquidity Pool Bridging** With liquidity pool bridging, a token that exists on multiple blockchains is deposited into a large multi-chain digital pool of liquidity. This liquidity pool allows users to swap the token between supported blockchains easily, and liquidity providers earn a small fee every time a user bridges tokens. This approach eliminates the need for complex minting or burning processes, as tokens are exchanged directly in the liquidity pool. **Atomic Swap Bridging** In atomic swap bridging, users swap assets on the source chain for assets on the destination chain. Two users agree on the token swap terms, such as the amount and blockchain networks involved. To ensure the security of the transaction, hash time-locked contracts (HTLCs) are used to ensure it takes place simultaneously on both chains or not at all # Why Interoperability in Web3 Matters Blockchains are like isolated islands, each with its unique ecosystem, but with limited interaction. The isolation of blockchains creates a massive problem for the end user, which bridges help solve by transferring information and assets, essentially unifying these islands. As blockchain and web3 grow, so too will the importance of interoperability. **The Need for Cross-Chain Asset Transfer** For many top dApps and tokens, a multi-chain strategy is essential to stay competitive and maximize profits, avoiding the limitations of running on a single, isolated chain. Smaller tokens and dApps also benefit by increasing trading volume through listings on multiple DEXs across different chains. From a token holder’s perspective, cross-chain asset transfers allow access to diverse opportunities, such as lower fees or unique features. # Key Benefits of Cross-Chain Bridges There are many different benefits to using cross-chain bridges, both for dApps and tokenized web3 projects, as well as for token holders. For dApps, cross-chain bridges can help grow their ecosystem. Bridging tokens can increase their trading volume and liquidity by getting listed on several DEXs. Token holders, on the other hand, can benefit from a better user experience and easier access to assets. # Challenges and Risks The greatest risk with cross-chain bridges is their security. As the popularity of cross-chain bridges continues to grow, so does the risk of attacks. Hackers are constantly seeking vulnerabilities in these protocols, making it essential to stay secure. Most hacks occurred due to flaws in smart contracts. Other hacks occurred due to insufficient validation schemes, social engineering, and, as we’ve seen with Harmony Horizon Bridge, private key compromises.

TLDR: The bridge that will see the most adoption is CCIP, currently being tested by Swift, DTCC, Euroclear, Clearstream, JP Morgan, SBI, etc etc. It’s also not just for stablecoins but DvP and PvP swaps. > The partnership will also focus on facilitating payment versus payment (PvP) for FX and cross-border transactions using Chainlink CCIP > We have been building very advanced fund tokenization and stablecoin DvP use cases with SBI for a while now

I agree with Vitalik. Cross chains introduce new security problems. Vitalik's reddit comment from 2022 pasted below: The fundamental security limits of bridges are actually a key reason why while I am optimistic about a _multi-chain_ blockchain ecosystem (there really are a few separate communities with different values and it's better for them to live separately than all fight over influence on the same thing), I am pessimistic about _cross-chain_ applications. To understand why bridges have these limitations, we need to look at how various combinations of blockchains and bridging survive 51% attacks. **Many people have the mentality that "if a blockchain gets 51% attacked, everything breaks, and so we need to put all our force on preventing a 51% attack from ever happening even once". I really disagree with this style of thinking; in fact, blockchains maintain many of their guarantees even after a 51% attack, and it's really important to preserve these guarantees.** For example, suppose that you have 100 ETH on Ethereum, and Ethereum gets 51% attacked, so some transactions get censored and/or reverted. No matter what happens, you still have your 100 ETH. Even a 51% attacker cannot propose a block that takes away your ETH, because such a block would violate the protocol rules and so it would get rejected by the network. Even if 99% of the hashpower or stake wants to take away your ETH, everyone running a node would just follow the chain with the remaining 1%, because only its blocks follow the protocol rules. More generally, if you have an _application_ on Ethereum, then a 51% attack could censor or revert it for some time, but what comes out at the end is _a consistent state_. If you had 100 ETH, but sold it for 320000 DAI on Uniswap, even if the blockchain gets attacked in some arbitrary crazy way, at the end of the day you still have a sensible outcome - either you keep your 100 ETH or you get your 320000 DAI. The outcome where you get _neither_ (or, for that matter, _both_) violates protocol rules and so would not get accepted. Now, imaging what happens if you move 100 ETH onto a bridge on Solana to get 100 Solana-WETH, and then Ethereum gets 51% attacked. The attacker deposited a bunch of their own ETH into Solana-WETH and then reverted that transaction on the Ethereum side as soon as the Solana side confirmed it. The Solana-WETH contract is now no longer fully backed, and perhaps your 100 Solana-WETH is now only worth 60 ETH. Even if there's a perfect ZK-SNARK-based bridge that fully validates consensus, it's still vulnerable to theft through 51% attacks like this. **For this reason, it's always safer to hold Ethereum-native assets on Ethereum or Solana-native assets on Solana than it is to hold Ethereum-native assets on Solana or Solana-native assets on Ethereum**. And in this context, "Ethereum" refers not just to the base chain, but also any proper L2 that is built on it. If Ethereum gets 51% attacked and reverts, Arbitrum and Optimism revert too, and so "cross-rollup" applications that hold state on Arbitrum and Optimism are guaranteed to remain consistent even if Ethereum gets 51% attacked. And if Ethereum does _not_ get 51% attacked, there's no way to 51% attack Arbitrum and Optimism separately. Hence, holding assets issued on Optimism wrapped on Arbitrum is still perfectly safe. The problem gets worse when you go beyond two chains. If there are 100 chains, then there will end up being dapps with many interdependencies between those chains, and 51% attacking even one chain would create a systemic contagion that threatens the economy on that entire ecosystem. This is why I think zones of interdependency are likely to align closely to zones of sovereignty (so, lots of Ethereum-universe applications interfacing closely with each other, lots of Avax-universe applications interfacing with each other, etc etc, but NOT Ethereum-universe and Avax-universe applications interfacing closely with each other) This incidentally is also why a rollup can't just "go use another data layer". If a rollup stores its data on Celestia or BCH or whatever else but deals with assets on Ethereum, if that layer gets 51% attacked you're screwed. The DAS on Celestia providing 51% attack resistance doesn't actually help you because the Ethereum network isn't reading that DAS; it would be reading a bridge, which _would_ be vulnerable to 51% attacks. To be a rollup that provides security to applications using Ethereum-native assets, you have to use the Ethereum data layer (and likewise for any other ecosystem). I don't expect these problems to show up immediately. 51% attacking even one chain is difficult and expensive. However, the more usage of cross-chain bridges and apps there is, the worse the problem becomes. No one will 51% attack Ethereum just to steal 100 Solana-WETH (or, for that matter, 51% attack Solana just to steal 100 Ethereum-WSOL). But if there's 10 million ETH or SOL in the bridge, then the motivation to make an attack becomes much higher, and large pools may well coordinate to make the attack happen. So cross-chain activity has an anti-network-effect: while there's not much of it going on, it's pretty safe, but the more of it is happening, the more the risks go up.

Good post. I learned a lot today

Great breakdown. One thing to highlight is that security remains the biggest challenge. Most high-profile bridge hacks (Ronin, Harmony, Wormhole) exploited validator weaknesses or smart contract flaws, not the concept itself. Interoperability is crucial, but the tech still needs stronger audits and decentralization.

Great write up. I think I gained a wrinkle today

Proof of Work (PoW) is Killing Crypto Investments Proof-of-Work's massive energy use makes it environmentally unsustainable for crypto funds, as seen in Bitcoin's high consumption equivalent to countries. Monero's 2025 51% attack by Qubic highlights PoW's vulnerability to centralized mining power, freezing exchanges and eroding trust. Bitcoin's mining centralization, with top pools controlling most hashrate, risks censorship and systemic failures, deterring stable investments. Switching to open Proof-of-Stake or DPoS eliminates these issues, slashing emissions by 99%, enhancing security, and aligning with regulatory and ESG demands for long-term viability.

PoW is basically crypto’s version of a guy running a diesel generator to charge his Tesla.

A pow 51% can be recovered from and is expensive to maintain. pos chain can not recover on its own. Pow isn’t perfect. It’s messy and expensive. But it’s the best system we know of. With that said, the Monero situation has shown that pure pow on commodity hardware does have a merge-mine attack vulnerability. I think a hybrid pow/pos is worth exploring. I’m glad some chains are testing this.

There was no 51% attack on xmr. Fud af

Yeah, proof of stake doesn't have any risks.

Proof of work > Proof of stake. Yes. Yes, I will die on this hill.

So you believe the 51 percent attack on Monero was successful? Why would crypto funds care about the environment? Not to say that the environment is not important but currently big funds don’t seem to be held back by this fact. Criticising centralisation of PoW and advocating for PoS in the same post is funny. Any PoS system with rewards in the same currency that is being transacted will by design, unlike PoW lead to centralisation due to stakes with more coins earning more and thereby getting more power & more coins to stake etc. I’m seeing the problems with PoW as well but it’s not like there is no reason for PoW and it’s also not the case that PoS is obviously the solution to it.

PoS ain’t the solution if you want a decentralized chain. Attacks on PoWs are costly, thus making 51% attack unlikely. How Qubic managed 51% was impressive since it didn’t cost them anything. PoS is only good if you want a more energy efficient chain, but there risks of centralization and rich getting richer through staking. Objectively speaking, PoW are just more secure and decentralized.

French Chipmaker Sequans Plans $200 Million Share Sale to Build Bitcoin Treasury Here we have another company going and creating a BTC Treasury. It is interesting to see that the company is located in Europe (France) given the confusion and just general issues crypto has faced in Europe. More power to them though and with the current pullback its a solid opportunity to take advantage and stack more sats then they otherwise would have been able to! Time will tell if companies keep doing this and if it as at the current pace that we are seeing. Personally I think Strategy needs to stop buying just because they are becoming such a whale at this point.

France: invents champagne, croissants, and now… corporate HODLing.

Hmmm... The French.... On the one side, they are such paper hands type people... On the other, they are so passive and uncaring they might actually hodl for so long despite the volatility it might benefit them.

Today is a historic day for CRO Crypto.com and Trump Media have partnered to make $CRO a utility token of the Truth Social platform. In-line with the partnership, Trump Media will purchase approximately $105 million in $CRO for its balance sheet (685,427,004 CRO). It was inevitable something like would happen after CDC's previous governance proposal passed to "unburn" 70 billion CRO tokens they had previously "burned" - increasing their total supply to 100 billion tokens, which was an increase of over 200%, earlier this year. Sources:

LMAO, "unburned".

A match made in heaven

So CRO went from ‘burn’ to ‘unburn’ to ‘TrumpCoin’? Peak clown market arc unlocked.

Scammer coin.

The most pathetic CEX. Well can't be long until it collapsed as well and people will once again be in denial as usual

a chance to exit this shit coin

Unburned XD

Trash. L take. + Ratio

Un-burning should not be possible

Cry harder 😂😂😂 you should’ve got in cro early

JFC imagine placing your bets on a CEX shitcoin like Cro in 2025, especially one that can suddenly 'unburn' tokens.

Monaco always up to no good.

HODL ON - I Can Feel It In these trying times, I'm bringing back this gem. Old OGs will remember this one. I'm in deep, you're in deep, and Bitcoin has dropped from 122k to 109k. People are getting fearful, but let's keep it all in perspective. This is statistically a small drop percentage wise. OGs will remember 30-40% draw downs in hot bull markets with Bitcoin and it wasn't a cause for concern. It was, in fact, normal. This is needed to flush everybody out, reset the system, and allow Bitcoin to continue it's march higher. Don't panic sell all your bags before the last big pump of the cycle. Hodl on ladies and gentlemen, hodl on.

AI crypto projects raise $516m in 2025 as they set out to create ‘entirely new asset classes’

Great, now Skynet is gonna launch an ICO.

Japan Moves Toward Clearer Crypto Rules As Policymakers Speak Out

Clearer regulations in Japan could boost institutional adoption and protect retail investors. Japan has historically been proactive in crypto oversight (post-Mt.Gox and Coincheck hacks), so new frameworks may balance innovation with consumer protection.

Trump, Family Launch New Crypto Venture, Experts Raise Red Flags

How about those Epstein files?

Are there not laws in the USA about using the the presidency for financial gain?

"Experts raise red flags" lmao. What experts?

Absolutely wild how much of a con artist this dude is, lmao

He’s going to fuck this up for the rest of us. He couldn’t take a hint with the Melania coin could he. Faith is being lost and the “crypto grift” looks so obvious.

Another one?

Rug pulling the entire US and world economy, 2025

Grifters gonna grift

Anyone investing in this should not be allowed to reproduce

Who else is left that's dumb enough to buy this?

The grift is just never ending. So exhausting watching him F everything up in real time.

Make Crypto Great Again… by rugging it first.

About to scam his followers again, LoL

The Trump name is a red flag.

Other than raising the red flag, I guess no one can do anything. You know, he sets the goalpost, makes the rules, and he’s both a player and the referee.

What's this, something like the 23rd violation of the emoluments clause?

Isn't it a little sad that the US now functions like some impoverished third world nation with rampant corruption, and that crypto lobby $$$ made this happen.

I'm no expert but I raise my 🚩🚩🚩 too.

I wouldn't invest in this cesspool if I had a crystal ball and saw 1,000,000% gains.

The most corrupt politician in the world. *Drain the swamp*, my ass

Another shitcoin loading....

He is really making us look like shit.

What a joke of an administration...never gonna wash that shit smell off themselves.

>As part of this deal, Eric Trump has been appointed to ALT5's board. Beavis is all grown up!

Magas gonna get rug pulled again, and then ask for more, again.

Mad how being a child rapist wasn't the biggest red flag tbh.

Trump and crypto? Sounds legit.

They can do literally whatever they want and there are no consequences. Our country is broken and fucked

Another multi-billion $$ grift/ fraud.

Happy I bought the presale for this given the current price, but I’m going to dump it each time I get an unlock for sure

How to Withdraw Tedra USD and Minimize Fees? A friend of mine is trying to withdraw her Tedra currency after it got a spike. They're charging $1500 to withdraw almost $40k. Which I guess it doesn't sound that bad, but she's trying first to see if she can withdraw with lower fees if possible. Neither one of us is a crypto expert. I read that you can deposit it into a wallet and then withdraw, but I want to make sure that the advice I read is correct and also get a pointer as to where I can learn how to set that up for her. Any advise is appreciated!

Withdraw from where? Sounds like she's being pig-butchered. r/cryptoscams

Sounds like a scam

Anything or anyone charging an additional fee to withdraw is a scam.

Tedra USD isn’t a widely recognized stablecoin, huge fees like $1500 to move $40k are a massive red flag. Most legitimate stablecoins (USDT, USDC, DAI) have transfer fees under a few dollars on the right networks. This sounds like a scam project designed to trap funds with high ‘exit fees.’ Be very cautious and research if the coin is even supported on major wallets/exchanges before trying to move it.

Looks like it’s a binance smart chain token that launched in 2025, good luck op, bsc is mostly gambling imho

CertiK predicts ‘endless war’ with crypto hackers after $2.5B stolen

Calling it an endless war feels dramatic… but also true. Every time DeFi patches a hole, hackers just find three more. Security has to evolve as fast as the attacks.

Create a block chain with no code

Japan’s Financial Regulator Proposes Major Crypto Tax Reform

Japan currently taxes crypto gains as ‘miscellaneous income,’ with rates up to 55%. A reform could move toward a flat capital gains tax, making the country more competitive for crypto businesses and investors. It would also align Japan closer to tax frameworks in places like Singapore or parts of Europe.

This is their new casino after FX.

Propose, plan, discussing. Then nothing ever happens

One Week Later......

The yacht on the bottom has a large indoor pool area and also looks to hover over the water like Fhloston Paradise.

I hope next week !gif

Wen canoe?

Things change in a matter of hours 'round here

it will always be like this. but on long term it should be the yacht

One week, cruising. Next week, ironing wrinkles.

Can relate to that if you keep the iron in the first pic and make it disappear in the 2nd

Next week: cardboard boat with diamond hands.

I hope next week will be better

I'm surely not the only one here like "oooo time to buy more!!"

Cramer said he’d buy crypto for his children soo there u have it

Eth and BTC are doing just fine

Fake it till you make it!

As a seasoned idiot almost one year into crypto, I'm just here for the ride, sometimes my balls on on a hot iron and sometimes they are dangling in the ocean being kissed by passing waves. However, the latter happens for like 2 weeks over this time frame and most of the time my balls have been cooking on that shitter sunbeam iron from a shitty hotel.

What wiil be in next week?

That one made me laugh

Let him cook 😏

oh nooo i am down 10%, tragedy...

It's funny

Thats classic Crypto market, you shouldn't really be fazed by it.

$BTC was $17.51 when this article came out in 2011

Article updated when price started to skyrocket again🤣🤣

“Former contributor” 🤣🤣

Can you zoom in a little more please?

Fucking Forbes

Worst all indeed

Can I go back to that day please?

And you will still find such articles today and in another 10 years they will look just as stupid.

Ahaha, now people are screaming end of BTC soon, while BTC is only at $109k 🤣🤣🤣

From doubt to six figures, the end never really came

This is so similar to how people only now learning about the stock market think that "they should have invested when they were 5 instead of having fun on the playground." So many of us hadn't even heard of Bitcoin back in those days because it hadn't spread widely enough yet, so how could we have gotten in early?

Where's Tim Worstall? I wanna see how he feels about all this 😅

This is a classic reminder of survivorship bias in financial commentary. Bitcoin has been declared ‘dead’ hundreds of times since 2011, yet long-term holders who ignored the noise saw exponential returns. Headlines don’t equal fundamentals.

Love that his name is WorstAll

by Tim Worstofall

What frustrates me about these articles that point out when BTC was under $20 is the lack of context. Back then, buying Bitcoin wasn’t as simple as logging into a brokerage account. It was complicated, risky, and filled with scams—people really struggled to get in. There’s even a Netflix documentary that shows how wild those early days were. So, let’s not pretend that buying BTC a decade ago was as straightforward as picking up AT&T stock.

Tim Worstall kicking himself to this day.

Bitwise files to launch a spot Chainlink ETF in latest push for single-token crypto funds

Finally, my LINK bags can be dumped through Wall Street instead of Coinbase.

I don’t know whose grandpa needs to hear this, but you can actually just buy the token and use the network…

Do you even need LINK to use the network? I swear everyone in here keeps losing their minds about LINK but I just don't see an actual use for the token. It's like investing in a tollbooth expecting to become a billionaire. I don't doubt there's some steady income to be made but if the road got too expensive to use because of the toll booth, someone will just build a different road.

Bitcoin Dips To Seven-Week Low As Ether Gains Momentum For the first time in this three-year cycle, Ethereum appears to be establishing its own momentum independent of Bitcoin Bitcoin fell to its lowest level in nearly seven weeks, retreating from the record highs set in mid-August. Meanwhile, Ether has emerged as the preferred digital asset for traders after hitting an all-time high of US$4,955 on Sunday. The shift in investor sentiment is evident in exchange-traded fund flows. In August, US Bitcoin ETFs recorded over US$1 billion in net withdrawals, while Ether-linked funds drew inflows of US$3.3 billion, signalling a rotation in favour of Ether. Some analyst are optimistic about the upcoming Bitlayer V2 transition to a Bitcoin-native rollup which will come after the listing of tooken on top CEXs like Bitget and others.... they speculate the BitVM paradigm EVM-style smart contracts on BTC could help keep funds in BTC DeFi ecosystem. While Bitcoin has traditionally been the clear leader in each cycle, this setup marks the first instance where Ethereum shows standalone leadership potential. Ethereum’s traction has been fueled by ETF inflows, staking demand, and the broader growth of real-world asset tokenization on its network. These catalysts are helping ETH decouple from Bitcoin’s immediate price action, allowing capital to rotate more freely.

The alt season is pulling up.

ETH not at ATH. BTC is 2x from previous ATH… Yawn…

124k the top?

Backwards moment

I like that a 10% drop = "gains momentum". BTC gained tons of momentum if that's the metric. That Kanye token gained maximum attention.

"Ether has emerged as the preferred digital asset for traders" LOL good one

Bitcoin is based on the network of trust of its participants, without much intrinsic value in it. When the trust chip falls or new people enter the pyramid, it will fall with many of the meaningless bubbles. Perhaps this is the longest lasting bubble in history and with more followers, the technological base has given it more narrative

And yet, ETH has gained no momentum. Overlay the ETH chart over the BTC chart and it’s a near perfect match.

... or somebody knows something... Amazon stablecoin payments coming up?

> To implement complex programs, such as zero-knowledge verifiers, developers must emulate arithmetic operations using Bitcoin's existing opcodes, which can result in significant program bloat. Although it is technically possible to write a zero-knowledge verifier in Bitcoin's script language, the limited block space renders direct execution of such verifiers infeasible within Bitcoin transactions. > To overcome these challenges, Bitlayer rollup adopts the BitVM paradigm (specifically, BitVM2), which blends zero-knowledge validity proofs with optimistic fraud proofs into a hybrid proving system. In this model, the prover generates zero-knowledge proofs for layer 2 state transitions, but these proofs are not directly verified on-chain. Instead, they are presumed valid unless challenged through a dispute process. This presumption of validity eliminates the need for costly on-chain verification in the typical "happy path," thereby drastically reducing settlement costs and making Bitcoin rollups a practical solution for scaling. Edit: Source Jesus, they made optimistic rollup that uses zero knowledge proofs, just to route around Bitcoins poor script capability. This could've been implemented as much simpler and more secure zk-rollup if Bitcoin wasn't ass backwards as fuck and supported verifying zk-proofs on-chain

Bunch of salty btc maxis that don’t know an obvious macro cycle when they see one.

Yawn, every shitcoin has its day

Buy ETH, suckers. Sell me your bitcoins at a discount right now. See you at $200,000

Kraken met with SEC crypto task force to discuss tokenization

Tron? You gotta be kidding me so Justin Sun really did suck Trump's cock at that dinner

Investors Withdraw Over $1 Billion from Bitcoin ETFs

Buy high, sell low!

It just feels like they're playing into the typical August and September weakness.

Wait for Q4 :)

This may feel surprising to some here, but withdrawing from a speculative asset that has just come off of a healthy run of gains can sometimes be a good idea. You get more of this stuff called 'dollars' than you bought in with. NFA.

Yup. Just like digital gold, right? Not at all like a hyper-speculative asset. You know, how people tend to rush into long-term stores of value and then rush out of them months later? That's how long-term stores of value work right?

Ethereum Treasury ETHZilla’s Holdings Surpass 102,000 ETH

companies ETH reserves are flippening the BTC ones?

EthZilla in the house !

I may buy atleast 100 to start tomorrkw, im already in btbt,btcs,sbet,& bmnr eth treasuries lol

Holding 102k ETH in a single treasury shows the scale of institutional adoption. At current prices, that’s billions of dollars, which makes treasury management, staking strategy and security critical topics.

Bitcoin Sinks Below $110,000 as Fed Turmoil and Economic Data Loom - Decrypt

Just another shake Out. Fundamentals have not changed

Falling below $110k looks dramatic, but corrections often follow big rallies. If anything, this highlights how tightly crypto is still correlated with global economic signals, despite the narrative of being a ‘hedge’.

Back when it was down to $16k and I was DCAing, I like to believe that things will eventually recover. Never expect sentiments to be bearish for bitcoin "sinking" below $110k. lol Guess the OGs would have felt the same to see bitcoin "crash" down to $16k.

I love how they always manage to fit some kind of reason in the title, as if they know why prices dropped. "As fed turmoil and economic data loom" means absolutely nothing

If you've held through 1 halving cycle there are no such things as dips or shakeouts anymore..its just changing levels of how much profit you're at in a given time.

UAE reportedly holds $700M in mined Bitcoin: Arkham

I bet more countries secretly hold Bitcoin, and I can’t wait for them to disclose this information at some point

If true, $700M worth of mined Bitcoin highlights how even resource-rich countries are diversifying into digital assets. It also raises questions on how state-level mining could impact Bitcoin’s decentralization.

Global crypto adoption is a good thing.

So the genocide in Sudan is bankrolled by bitcoin

Imagine they go active instead of these peanuts 😱

Imagine a day “oil money” turns into “bitcoin money”

In July 2022, Celsius filed for bankruptcy freezing all customer withdrawals and trapping billions of dollars in user funds. - Don't trust, take full control of your assets This is not a single case, FTX, Voyager Digital and Mt. Gox were large cryptocurrency platforms that suffered catastrophic failures resulting in lost user funds. For true financial sovereignty, you must take full control of your assets. The safest way to hold your crypto is in a personal, non-custodial wallet where you, and only you, hold the private keys. While exchanges can be convenient for trading, history has proven that keeping significant long-term holdings there is a risk too great for many to bear.

The day before they froze withdrawals I wanted to move my Link bag off of Celsius(something felt off). So I transferred it from Earn back to Custody account first and then tried to transfer out but I had to whitelist my receiving address which takes 24hours. Well the next day withdraws were frozen and I couldn't transfer out. I was devastated because my Link bag was a pretty big part of my overall portfolio. Luckily for me transferring to custody meant I was actually able to get back 100% of my Link. Earned account users were the ones that got fucked the most.

And even worse, they leaked all our names and contact data through the court documents. I still get nasty phishing mails from it.

I know it is unpopular, but I want to say that custody is an important and personal decision. There are pros and cons to it which should be evaluated by each holder to determine what is most appropriate for them. Further, Coinbase is not like any of those listed as they have specifically leaned into regulation and regulatory transparency. The companies mentioned had to/wanted to avoid regulation and sought out jurisdictions to avoid oversight. Coinbase not only operates as a US company but further as a public company is subject to more oversight in meeting exchange requirements which as published quarterly I’m in NO WAY saying they cannot or won’t fail; I’m saying that a failure like Celsius or FTX is much lower as there are far more eyes on it. There are advantages to keeping assets in custody. Each person should evaluate this very important decision and decide for themselves, after having weighed the pros and cons of each.

Not everyone is made for self-custody. It comes with its own risks & there are many mistakes users can make.

I was so happy I got out of Celsius about 4mo before this

2022 was one crazy year...

I remember Kevin Rose explaining how BlockFi would give guaranteed 15% returns every year because of their clever mechanism. Just free money for everyone forever. Infinite money glitch. If it seems too good to be true…

99% of crypto activity happens through exchanges. Even if you put it in cold storage, eventually it will have to come back out to the exchange to be converted.

The whole point of Celsius was the interest rates, this argument doesn’t apply in this case.

Blockfi, Tera Luna, 3AC

Celsius is a reminder that when funds are in custodial platforms, users are effectively unsecured creditors. Bankruptcy law prioritizes creditors, not depositors, which is why self-custody with your own keys is critical.

Also a reminder that they paid out all their DeFi loans but they didn't their traditional finance loans. You can't backdoor a protocol, you either pay or you get liquidated.

One of the best move I made that year was to take everything out just in time, like 2 weeks before, because their smell wasn’t good. I was also pretty new. Same for luna.

I never even used celsius but due to the data leak somehow somewhere my mail was leaked and i get this mails asking me to link on a link to get my frozen assets back.

At the end of the talk the scams and implosions appear. Eliminate risks if you have them. In: After a full 1000 days from 500 days before and after the halving. Out: After that 500th day. This saved the Bancor holdings, because they said the BNT token would be distributed to make up for impermanent loss in their liquidity pools, I knew that token could never absorb the massive impermanent loss once ETH pumped so you had to withdraw early. Then blockfi, going in I figured it would implode so I made the exit within 1-2 months of the implosion. Even over did it and ended all smart contract risk even on Uniswap. Although the rest never imploded.

Word of advice to all in this game: ***Put in what you can afford to lose*** I’ve seen my childhood friend lose everything during the Terra Luna debacle and… seeing a friend you’ve known since Kindergarten break down in front of you: #It changes a man.

I got so lucky with this. I transferred my eth out about 4 days before all this shit unfolded. Never again. I’ll keep it on ledger.

When your funds are at an exchange you are little more than a creditor to them. You're allowing the relationship to be one where they owe you money. Even the seemingly best exchanges probably have some dodgy things going on behind the facade. And a lot of the time once there are warning signs that you should get out, it's already too late.

Well that's what crypto without actual regulation gets you tho...

Lost 267k in Celsius. Pain. Know people who had 10 + bitcoin in there and got 2 back if they were lucky. They're sueing Tether for stealing 40k bitcoin though and Tether as insiders really fucked up a lot of mom and pop people. Hope they need to give back what they stole.

This is bullrun bro, nobody cares about self custody until another FTX / Celsius happened.

We got back some money pretty quick - I still feel like an idiot though! Never-mind, serves me right I guess

what september could bring for ethereum...strongest q3 since 2015 has me bullish

With more and more institution in, eth's price movement could move more like big cap tech stocks from now on. Likely big run up to about 7-8k this year then steady overall uptrend in the future. eth's next bear will be whenever nasdaq is in bear market.

With more and more institution in, eth's price movement could move more like big cap tech stocks from now on. Likely big run up to about 7-8k this year then steady overall uptrend in the future. Bear market for future years for eth will be whenever nasdaq is in bear market.

September has historically been a bad month... 🤔 We will see how it turns out this year 😌

Septembear is going to be dark red!

Strong Q3 numbers definitely justify being bullish, but macro headwinds in September could still affect ETH short term. Long term, fundamentals like staking rewards and L2 growth seem to be the real drivers.

I built a AI power memecoin/crypto token QUANT The term 'quant' has been thrown around and it just stands for a role in finance called 'Quantitative Analyst'. Now, you get to hire your own called 'Philip'. That is the name of AI quant in [SmartFlip.xyz]( The source is DexScreener so load the token you want to analyze from DexScreener URL and AI will give you some technical analysis and sentiment. Of course, ultimate decision is up to you, so NFA. If you have time to check it out, please feel free to give me some feedback. Thanks

I don't trust anyone named Philip. Especially if it's an llm

Hate to break it to you but poor name choice as there is already a quant (qnt) in the top 100 which has been around for years

Is it Solana only?

this is really cool! Are you pulling all data for analysis from DexScreener API or are you doing something that is solana specific? Do you have a GTM plan ready or in the works?

So basically I get to hire an AI named Philip to tell me my meme coins are garbage… love it.

I Live 500 Feet From A Bitcoin Mine. My Life Is Hell.

If you watch the video, their main problem is they live in Texas and have no regulations - environmental, zoning, energy markets, health and safety, etc. But all the people interviewed support the politicians who created and perpetuate that situation, they just can’t believe it’s impacted them instead of someone else.

Bitcoin mining facilities can generate constant noise and heat pollution. Without proper regulation, they impact not only local residents but also strain energy grids

And this is why i don’t support proof of work. Has major environmental impact. Be mad all you want

PEOPLE GON DIE

Cheap energy and unregulated state, gives this "opportunity" for some

the lack of empathy in these comments is borderline sociopathic lol

In the current climate crisis, I think any crypto mining should be banned.

As always lets blame the industry instad of the morons who aren't regulating construction ,zoning and enviromental concerns. I feel bad for those people, but the issue is politicians as always not doing their job

Americans are the biggest hypochondriacs in the world.

How come that bitcoin mining is polluting water, air, or impacting anyone’s energy consumption? And is that so loud?

I don’t quite get it though. The brain is able to block out noises that are constant, like living next to a waterfall generating constant noise from falling water… after an hour or so you won’t even hear the noise anymore because the brain is able to block it out - if it’s constant, just like it can block out nasty smells … like when you come into a room and the air is really bad and you can smell it but nobody else can? That’s how brains work, I’m not saying it’s good that MARA is producing constant noise, i’m just saying that I don’t believe that it’s really harming anyone in the process.

“My life is hell”. Literally move dumbass.

Shhh no one move, you'll scare it back into dumping.

Imagine panic selling at the lows right into high time frame support 🦦 tragic

Coinglass shows we’re still in neutral territory although slowly shifting towards the altcoin season territory. BTC dumping but altcoins holding strong tells me that we might actually be close.

finally a btc etf inflow on 25 Aug. Reversal insight?

ETH bear trap, going higher

We’re now below December 2024 prices. Makes holding BTC all of this year pointless and it’s supposed to be a bull run year

This thread is my fear and greed index

Crazy how a couple days ago everything was green and Altseason was so close you could taste it but then BAM 📉 bro dumped the market wrecking longs spooking the market. It seems whenever we get momentum upward something happens and it kills the sentiment for a while.

Basically no long leverage left to manipulate. If it goes down further from here it’s just pure selling and the bear market is here. If not lots of upside leverage which will explode us higher

The BTC i bought in january for 98k USD is now in red. The dollar is so weak now. And btc hasnt moved in 8 months atm.(for me in my currency)

There is still that bullish divergence on btc dominance that is not very good to see.

When new ATHs reached in the next few days I will sell half my portfolio. Feeling like we are close to a cycle top, crypto always falls short of what you want.

Day 1269 of waiting for CRO to hit $2. IYKYK

So this is altseason huh? Just one alt popping off at a time lol, today is CRO

S&P500 up and Bitcoin down. Why is Bitcoin being so weak

Get some sleep boys. You’ll wake up tomorrow and it will be even lower.

All those years of buying beers with my CDC Card are paying off. I can now afford another case of beers! 🍻

Trump is probably going to appoint someone who is pro-cryptocurrency to the board, so of course, we are crashing.

I love how the big crypto YouTubers keep saying this is the last dump before alt season or alt season is now for the past 8 months but the market doing the opposite and showing how much bs they really are and their TA

Bull is back baby, hope you bought that juicy dip

aRE We bAcK?

The largest cohort of Bitcoin HODLers are OG whales who accumulated their coins in 2011!! They got their Bitcoin for less than $10 or by mining it when it was easy to! Every Bitcoin they sell takes $110k of liquidity for the market to absorb!! This is a part of the narrative rarely talked about!

I have no more money to buy those dips, what now? Do I start an OF account in order to keep buying those dips?

Why is bitcoin only following the stock market when the stock market is down. Peace of scam

The real reason CRO pumped is because I sold my $5 of CRO cashback yesterday to get a free sandwich

Consumer confidence report is more bearish on the job market than last month. Fed will have no choice but to cut rates by thousands and send BTC to a trillion gazillion dollars.

Matt Damon with his Hollywood smile: “See, I told you… CRO - Fortune favours the brave.” We are back when we start to see those crypto commercials.

Eth is back again

DXY dumping on rumors Lisa Cook got fired. But I haven't found anything official.

Let's go, ETH!

I skipped eating for today so I could stack up some more sats! Hopefully it'll work out. Though, I hope I can manage the night and fall asleep

Crypto bros lose faith because btc went from 120k to 110k and eth went from 4900 to 4400 Tell that to the market 1 year ago lmao.

the green dildos you least expect are always the best

As long as btc closes this week above the breakout level 109/110k on its weekly candle then we are still good, its also worth noting that btc is currently siting right on the bull market support band, be interesting to see if this is the bounce level. I wouldnt be worried unless we closed below it, next level after that is the 50 week moving average, when bitcoin loses that level the cycle will likely be over, whether thats today, tomorrow or a few months time the principle still applies

The pump has started working again.

Bitcoin is so ghey

You have 5 days left until it's up only. You're welcome.

Bitcoin failing miserably at the dollar hedge narrative right now. Gold moving up as dollar plunges due to Trump firing Cook.

What the orange guy do now for the prices to drop?

fear and greed index is not even fearful. It's just neutral.

How to make the price go up again. Just sell a bundle.

JPow sounded very dovish on Friday and I forgot to sell the news. Again.

last shakeout?

ETH is so back

I distinctly remember some bears yapping around every comment about “full blown bear” starting and we all dared them to open shorts. You guys still in the room with us or you gonna STFU until the next 3% dump?

My stupid TA telling me that BTC going to 109k and then BOOM back to 112k range.

Now we are struggling to go over 110k? Beautiful

Boysss I think the fat fuck BTC is losing its dominance thank fuck …. It’s about time we alts start eating some meat and not maggot bread 🥖. LFG

ETH been in a completely different league than alts on 24h volume for a while now- Still ETH season

ETH is now what BTC was in 2023-24, and BTC is now what ETH was in those year

Tech stocks are mooning and crypto is having another mental breakdown

btc.d continues the downtrend.

No amount of green candles are enough for the people in this sub to stop shitting themselves with every -5% candle

Let´s V-shape this shit!

$4600 back in play.

We are back

guys... I think we might be back?

Guys stop reading charts all day.

Please say we've just bounced off the low end of the range and we'll never see these prices again

who is selling now? :) you had so much time.

I thought everyone already knew trump and cdc was partnering. Why did it just now explode?

wen eth staking etfs approval?

I'm feeling absent minded, not paying attention to price, this is usually a bottom signal, before the long green candle appears that makes someone ask "what's going on"

Up until now I have only seen them regret selling BTC early, no one has regretted buying early

+$443.9 million!! into ETH ETFs yesterday

what a boring day... atleast we are not dumping (yet)

For all the people getting excited about CRO (what?), remember that everything Trump touches turns to dust sooner or later. You've been warned.

Help, my volatile asset is being volatile again!😠

ETH green candle...are we back lads?

Are we poor again?

This mini pump is just to wreck shorts. Tomorrow its longs turn again. That is were this cycle is all about. Wreck as many shorts and longs as possible.

Burger dump continues

How in the hell fear and greed is at 43? No way.

if this drop is just because of whales preparing for massive rotation from btc to alts, it would be so insanely bullish. Many bear reasons already posted here but not enough bullish reasoning posting like this.

Just wait for the glorious dumptember!

Unbank yourself

In case of doubt, zoom out of the chart

$4500 back in play.

Why is CRO pumping?

Is someone front-running a burger pump?

Feeling better about life

The dipping during the last 2 weeks in daily chart looks exactly like the dip before. Maybe we'll go up a lot again today or tomorrow?

Man, last Friday was a good day...

BTC to 90k. Dump it

dumping starting again

I'm just going to hold and stop looking for a little while

will ETH or BTC reach another ATH first? or neither.

I dreamt about crypto today, my brain is cooked

This price action is disgusting. All support levels got nuked

Would you say, the markets just got *Cooked*?

The mini pump before the burger dump

Low volume up only

The burns for moons is starting to get pretty insane! 25k more burned today. Bringing the total to 40k 🔥

The dumpening is just beginning.

Burgers don’t let us down

“Freak the fuck out and sell everything. It’s over.” - Warren Buffett

CRO will become the PLATFORM TOKEN of Truth Social lol. Trump's shenanigans powered by CRO

LOL, people who are buying alts now are going to get so rekt 😅

Moons will become the new stable coin

Don’t Hide Cash At Home: Use Cryptocurrencies Instead / How Crypto Is The Alternative To The System You've Been Seeking All Along TL;DR: This article is more aimed at beginners and people fearful of crypto (but then, the bitcoin beginner subreddit does not allow articles, only questions), and explores options on how and why cryptocurrencies can bring freedom to one's finances, and be an alternative to people who sought to get away from official institutions by keeping their money at home.

Nothing will inspire confidence and ensure lack of further government regulation like convincing a bunch of financially unsophisticated people to take all of their savings and dump them into a market that takes massive swings day-to-day.

This is fucking TERRIBLE advice. Keep 6 months of cash in a bank, fully fund your 401k and Roth IRA, and then keep the rest of it in an investment brokerage in an S&P500 or total market fund. That's how you attain financial freedom.

Oh no. Just stopped at the gas station to get a Red Bull and I see an elderly man trying to shove $100 bills into a Bitcoin ATM while explaining to someone on the phone that he's having trouble feeding the machine. I tried to talk to him out of it, I asked him if somebody was telling him that he owed money and that he had to pay this way and he ignored me completely. After I pester him with a few more questions, he finally looks up and says "I know what I'm doing" as he foolishly shoves $100 bills into where the receipts come out. He had a pretty large stack of $100 bills sitting on the floor....Fuck, I tried.

True story // at a grocery store about 2 months ago and this older lady (70's-80s) had this huge stack of Itunes gift cards. She said it was to make payments for her IRS bill. I warned the cashier and tried to talk to her about it, but she was too old and not comprehending much at all. She said they would not stop calling for her overdue amount once they get these cards

I've stopped elderly gentlemen from buying hundreds of dollars on gift cards in Walmart. This shit happens way too often

I was at a bank, and the woman at the tellernext ri me says "I want to withdraw 50 thousand dollars. For my friend." And I turn and say, this is a friend you know in real life and not someone you just met online, right? Teller got pissed at me, saying that was very inappropriate and I needed to leave.

Happens all the time

Lets help them if we see it

It’s believable. My own mom insists on continuing to get money orders from a supermarket that a bank already said gave her fraudulent money orders. Even if the bank is wrong, I personally would never get a money order from that supermarket again. Luckily, she cannot get one from there because she lives with me and she doesn’t drive, I drive her everywhere and I won’t drive her there. However, she would if she could.

I worked at Walgreens and a regular came in trying to send money via Western Union, the manager that always spent time with her had to drag her into the office, call the police before she finally agreed it was not a real threat. thankfully he was there that day, the clerk behind the counter was 3/4 of the way through the transaction.

Wtf do you even know you young whippersnapper? Don’t you know that he bought his first house when he was 23 years old and paid off the mortgage by the time he was 26, from his factory job that he got by strolling in one day asking the manager “hey, can I get a job. I got two hands and I work hard”. What did you ever do with your life and what do you even know. Did you even know who you’re talking to? You don’t accumulate millions in retirement funds for knowing nothing, pal. He clearly knows what he’s doing. So stay out of it and get a job.

One of the credit unions I bank at asks a dozen questions when you withdrawal anything over 1k$ “Oh what are you buying?” “How long have you been looking?” “What town is it in?” “Are you going to look at it in person before paying?” Yadada……… They make it seem like they are just curious but they are totally fishing for potential scams. Then they give you a pamphlet on common scams including crypto conversion with your money envelopes.

His been probably stacking sats from 2011. OG…Last 10 years being in crypto will make a 30 year old look like his 72… 😳

You can call the police and report elder abuse. They’ll intervene and they usually listen. That person probably had a touch of dementia.

I had a friend in her 50s that sent over $6K to the “IRS” who had demanded payment in bitcoin.

Unplug the machine and call the cops.

Sad these poor souls fall victim to these scams.

A similar thing happened to my grandmother in law. Just a couple years after her dementia diagnosis, her husband had to pick her up from Home Depot because she was trying to buy $20k in Home Depot gift cards. Apparently someone on the phone told her that her granddaughter (my wife) was in some trouble and this is how it needed to be paid off. They monitored her a lot closer after that

I had something similar about 4 years ago. Mate of mine owned a small convenience store with a bitcoin atm in it. This lady was hanging around the front of the shop for a while on the phone, and we noticed her but didn't think much of it. Eventually, she comes in still on the phone and goes to the BTC atm about an arms distance from us. After a few minutes, I went up and started asking if someone was telling her she was in trouble and needed to give them money. After 5 minutes of her saying the same thing, she finally told us yes. Informed her it's a common scam and a lot of people fall for it. She had already given them a couple thousand from memory but almost gave them another 5k. Sad to hear, but she was very grateful that we talked some sense into her and stopped her. She was probably mid 20's. I was shocked to see this scam still working on younger people.

Jamie pull up the odds of this being another made up story on Reddit. Edit: I didn't say this doesn't happen, I said this story is clearly horseshit. Y'all chronically dumb af here.

They stole the Bitcoin Machine from our local corner store back iñ 2022. Pulled it out with a Ford F-150.

Those Bitcoin machines are a menace. F everything about those things and people associated with them.

At DefCon this year there was a presentation about this problem. The US government does not care or is not willing to do much about this. An attorney (former DA) Erin West in Santa Claira CA is trying to find people to help stop this. Check out www operation shamrock org The US is losing billions to organized crime. There are literally hundreds of thousands of people in slave cities that daily are scamming people in the world. She has a bunch of video about how they do it. We think this is an old person problem? It is not. She has statistics that show as they are scamming any one who will send them money.

This happens every single day now. Sad world we are in.

Call the police next time!

Hey you never know, maybe he was trying to buy coke on one of the darkweb markets.

Man I seen the same thing with a old lady at a wal mart sending money to someone in India, the clerk was like " are you sure mama?" And she was like yes it's my friend, it was like $3200 😪

I tried to stop someone before to no avail.

That’s really heartbreaking. It makes you wonder - what could actually prevent situations like this? More education? Stricter regulations? Or maybe creating models where tokens are backed by something people naturally understand, like time, instead of vague promises.

Not everyone had the chance to be scammed at 12 years old on RuneScape and see how it works first hand. Let these 60 year olds learn with cash 😂

OPS just witness Jamie Dimon buying BTC

I visit the smoke shop every day and have wondered for the longest time why old people were using the BTC atm, the prices are a rip off but mostly, "what inclines an old person to use this technology like this?" I thought they were sending remittances or something

Hear those stories all the time, how about people getting contacted by celebs in fb groups stating their stuck in Iran and need money for a plane ticket, so many ppl for that shit too crazy

Did the guy in the phone some like a T-Mobile customer support?

Dude a few years ago this old lady in a valaro gas station was at the rockicoin atm and she had 50s and her deposit was at 4k and I asked her hey excuse me you know you can add the money on cash app and buy the bitcoin and send it out like that cause the fees are high at a ATM and she got startled and aggressively replied I know what im doing im sending to my husband.. Like husband where is he in India or what and then it hit me she's being scammed so I said m'am enjoy your day. She was rude as fucj and she didnt have to be all rude so I didnt even tell her that she was getting scammed I laughed all the way to my car id pay to see her reaction after she completed the transaction and realized she was scammed

Next time call the police

Joke's on you. It's counterfeit hundreds that he just printed. He also wants some non-KYC bitcoins.

LMAOOO skill issue

and then everybody stood up and clapped

never happened lmao

boomers man.

I don't believe you

“This is We why we should ban bitcoin and all cryptocurrencies being used by scammers”- Elizabeth Warren types

why did you assume he owns money to someone? let’s talm about that. there’s nothing unusual to buy bitcoin on atm putting $100 bill into receipts whole. i’m doing it here and there from time to time

I find it truly bizarre when the market reacts to all the positive news I’ve been reading in the exact opposite way Case in point is that all of the bitcoin liquidation funneling into Ethereum, and then the entire market dips 10%. Maybe that was propaganda? I don’t begin to pretend I can predict alt seasons or any sort of capital flow especially now that corrupt FDIC institutions are involved in hoarding crypto. Anyone have any idea? I know that short term metrics are unreliable but when I scale out, I’m even more confused. And I definitely made the mistake of buying more at this recent peak. I don’t ever sell though so there’s that lol. I hope you all have a great week.

This cycle is all about the exchanges collaborating with tokens founders on how to best liquidate the leveragers.

Also bought at the top. Dont feel bad. Has happened to me before. You just funnel it all away and 4 years later its totally irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. Literally have learned not to worry because eventually you always win in you just wait long enough.

Here is the thing: *any and all '*news', that makes it to your ears or screen, was priced into the market weeks if not months before it got to you. The market does not react to news, the market *is the news*. You just don't know what that is because you are a shrimp swimming in a sea of whales. Everything you see, hear, or read about crypto was already priced in when it got to you. This is where we get the adage: buy the rumor, sell the news. Basically, we *should* expect the market to react in the opposite way to news, because, we are seeing people sell that news. Rate cut incoming? Market pulls back. You see? That rate cut was already priced in. Now, that the news has broke, we are seeing a pull back, because we are returning to 'uncertainty'. This is a classic example of buy the rumor sell the news. Big players had the metrics in front of them to forecast a rate cut, bought, then when the news breaks, we see a sell off. Classic example of buy the rumor sell the news here.

Because the market is run by automated liquidation tools. Leverage will be the death of crypto

Nobody knows shit about fuck.

Whether it's stocks or crypto or anything regarding macro economics, the rule today is: buy the rumor, sell the news. The recent rumor was that the Fed would probably cut interest rates in September. Then Powell came out and said it was likely, which was the news. Markets went up tremendously in one day, hence profit taking since. This is just a dip. Im buying more.

You realize 95% of market news and Reddit posts are generated by market manipulators right?

Big players know 5x as much about the next days crypto price than you do. 5 * 0 is still 0 but hey! they have a lot of fancy charts and business connections. So, they know more nothing than we don't!

Market goes the way you predicted - "I fucking new it" Market goes the opposite way - "It's rigged"

Sell the news.

Then you have no understanding of how markets work. This is normal. Nothing goes up in a straight line. There are plenty of buyers and plenty of sellers for all kinds of reasons.

Yeah they basically use the news to dump the market. So big news is not even really much to look forward to unless you are trading. Which wouldve worked great this year given all the big dumps weve seen especially for alt holders. Theres also been some nice pumps but the dumps are way more consistent. I guess aslong as investors can go weeks or months without looking maybe it isnt as painful to deal with.

Honest question: From 12 people 10 hold 99% of the total tokens (or whatever else, stock if you will). The other 2, continuesly buys the reminder 1%. What happens to the price? And if they sell it to each other continuesly, what happens to the price? Reflexions?

Just enjoy the ride bro

So many people do not realize adoption means dilution.

Because they control the narrative, when they flood the market with positive news to lure in the liquidity thats when they sell. They cant sell while pumping bad news cause thats detrimental to them. Its always been this way, back in 2018, BTC entered the bear market at peak euphoria, the first financial products for crypto were born, etc. all those positive news was just the distribution phase and then the liquidity was gone. By the time the public gets the news, thats already old, thats why you buy the rumor and sell the news. Happens in stocks too, its just that crypto is way less regulated and there is more hype overall, thats why influencers are just noise in this space.

If you're only reading crypto news then it will heavily skew positive, yeah.

Leveraged "traders" (gamblers) are playing against the house, but the house can see their cards. It's literally that simple.

BTC is over $100k, Ether is over $4k, Solana is over $180. Like two years ago Ether was sub $1k, BTC had fallen to $16k and Solana was $10. There's a level of reality that has to come in when we act like the price performance is terrible. Zoom out on your 1 hour chart and you'll see a very different story. It was never going to be like a "/", just a perfectly smooth line going up and to the right.

Bizarre? Isn’t it a good chance to buy with the discount?

Sell the news buy the rumors

What's the best place to swap ETH to XMR Hi folks, as the title says, I’m looking for a way to swap my Ethereum to Monero. I need something that won’t freeze my orders like Changelly or Changenow does, since my size is 14 ETH and I’ve already had bad experiences with them. I’m not open to centralized exchanges either due to the usual risks or withdrawals on hold, delistings, or sudden account issues. P2P is also off the table for me; it’s always a headache, full of slippage and unreliable matches. I’m looking for a trustless option that can handle my size smoothly and without drama. If anyone has a solid suggestion that’s proven to work well for larger swaps, I’d really appreciate it. Thanks to you.

You’ll probably need to do it in small amounts (<$1000 each) if you want non-KYC. Use different sub addresses each time. Space it out over several days/weeks. FixedFloat is an option (with VPN) but no guarantee they won’t freeze a transaction.

Ive been pro monero and from day dot so sat on a bit I'm Happy to trade. We can do it anyway you feel happy. Repeated small chunks. I'll even transfer first. And if you're still worried well go small chunk's starting at me first then you first all way to completed.

Been using fixed float for many years and never had a problem, also used simpleswap a few times before. Usually 4 or 5 digits only though. The fee is high compared to a normal exchange, but no kyc or accounts required

cake wallet?

Kraken is good and has xmr

RetoSwap (Haveno) is what you are looking for.

doesn't bisq2 does this?

sideshift dot ai is accountless and has been around for many years and can be trusted. it's fast but not cheap. the markup is 1%

Institutional investors reach $33.6B in Bitcoin ETF holdings during Q2

From all the way back in 2017 people wanted institutional adoption... and here we are.

september looks like a reset month for crypto trading — here’s what i’m watching

It's just the Septembears are preparing for hibernation in winter. It's nature.

What happened to the claim that Tether is artificially propping up Bitcoin? How risky is the whole system? Especially during the bull runs in 2017 and 2020, everybody was talking about it. Somehow, it got really quiet around that topic even though Tether admitted in 2021 that they're not fully covered by cash. The basic claim: Tether prints unbacked or loosely backed USDT, pumps it into exchanges, and that liquidity artificially inflates Bitcoin’s price. Some studies (e.g., Griffin & Shams, 2018) claim there’s a pattern where BTC rallies follow large Tether issuances. Tether says they’re now backed by T-bills and other assets, but they’ve never done a full, independent audit. And let’s not forget the $41M CFTC fine for misleading the market about reserves. \- Is Tether still a systemic risk, especially for Bitcoin? \- Could a collapse tank Bitcoin and altcoins, or is the market more resilient now? \- Are we just kicking the can down the road with a massive stablecoin bubble? Maybe there was some news in that debate and I just missed it.

Microstrategy leverage buying Bitcoin is the biggest threat to Bitcoin, right after the halvings.

Tether is the 18th largest holder of treasuries, eclipsing most countries. Over $127 billy. They are also collateralized by other holdings. They were one of the largest buyers last year, accelerating their overall ranking. The U.S. knows where treasury purchases of this size are going, so this data is real. Cantor Fitzgerald entered a partnership with Tether. They surely did due diligence before they did this to make sure they were not partnering with a fraudulent company. Bo Hines wrote the legislation on how stable coin issuers become compliant with U.S. law. Tether has 3 years to be fully compliant. They hired Bo Hines to take them through the compliance process. They will end up fully compliant with US law. I’m not worried about Tether. The relationship with Tether prints and Bitcoin price increases is easily explainable because people often purchase Tether to purchase crypto. It’s an entry point. During Bitcoin rallies people buy tether to buy Bitcoin.

You forget a lot of this was from 2021. Tether grew itself into liquidity. When the market nukes they benefited. Let’s be clear, you don’t buy as many treasuries as they do from a leading Wall Street firm on credit. Especially when the firms owner is now commerce secretary to the US. Plus if you have a billions in cash in a high interest environment. They grew to legitimacy. They can nuke the market, position themselves or see who if making a move and plan accordingly. With the diverse buyers of BTC and stables becoming regulated they are all good. Kennedy family were not always politicians but dad was a bootlegger who used his money to get legitimacy to his family name. Fake it till you make it.

I think the tether FUD is probably minimal at this point. They make a TON of money, buy US treasuries and bitcoin, and haven’t collapsed yet and it’s been almost a decade. I think tether is gonna be around for a while

Tether won. One of the main guys is In the Trump administration.

We don't talk about it because we all know Crypto will be cooked tor YEARS if Tether ever collapses. The bloodbath would be trillions if Tether collapses.

$167 billion in tether backed by who the fuck knows because no audit. All i know is if tether blows up the whole crypto space would do the same.

Other stable coins could be the issue

yes they keep this wildcard for one of the bear markets they want to start. just like they did ftx and luna. Ie everything is fine dont worry we got this after a week nothing is fine everything burns in flames. Typical crypto stuff they need something to start bear market happens every time.

Back in the day when this really started to become a trope, tether was something outrageous like 90-95% of the stablecoin market and they had not supplied a single auditable set of books that showed that they had any real value. Since then, the stable coin market has blown way up and there are several competitor coins that could help take some of the weight in case tether were to collapse. That and the fact that tether itself has started to provide more info and is showing backing that puts the issue in less of an emergency place and more into a “we should keep an eye on this” mentality. There’s still a risk it’s just no longer existential.

>- Is Tether still a systemic risk, especially for Bitcoin? Yes >- Could a collapse tank Bitcoin and altcoins Yes >, or is the market more resilient now No >- Are we just kicking the can down the road with a massive stablecoin bubble? Yes

Systemic risk to Bitcoin or to the dollar? Because if you think there's a counterfeiting operation that's been printing billions of dollars and that the operation is now bribing the federal government, it seems systemic risky as fuck. But not to Bitcoin.

Tether is doing amazing, generating billions of dollars in profit annually! primarily by earning interest on its substantial reserves… Wouldn’t really worry about it. Michael saylor is more of a worry…

tether is now too big to fail. They can just print more money.

As weird as it sounds I think Tether is "too big to fail" at this point. They've survived multiple bear markets and investigations for years with less money in the bank. Now that they are making interest on the deposits they're absolutely printing billions in profits.

Fort Knox will be easier to audit than Tether.

Tether is trash and I don't trust it

Wow I thought I’m on the buttcoin sub for a second. So many experts in the comments

Load ze Tether FUD

I said this the other day, but I think it's plausible Tether is selling its non-US Treasury assets in preparation for compliance with the Genius act. Am I crazy?

Too big to fail at this point.

Lol Tether Truthers show up every time the price dips. Both a Democratic and Republican led US governments have admitted that Tether is a massive holder of US treasuries. Truthers will still tell you Tether has literally $0 backing it. Both Biden and Trump are in on the scam apparently...

the market is more resilient now, but then shit goes down, everything tanks.

Tether earned so much money over the years no one doubts they are now fully backed and likely more than fully backed

Maybe they just faked it until they made it? But I honestly don't trust Lutnick either.

>\- Is Tether still a systemic risk, especially for Bitcoin? Depends on how you define systemic. The protocol doesn't care & will continue. The price might care. A Tether collapse would surely shake the markets but it wouldn't be the end of crypto.

It has been debunked so many times I lost count.

If you watched how fast all the other stablecoins grow i would say tether never really was not backed

Maybe before. Now if it does implode it will just get bailed out by a country or countries 🤑

Yes it is a systematic risk. But will it implode while crypto and other assets are at these prices, very unlikely. I think that a tether collapse will mark the bottom of the next bear market. Keep an eye on it for sure.

Santiment Unveils Solana Data Coverage

Chain Fallout !! I think we’ve reached the point where Bitcoin cannot give any more. The old whales are dumping it They got the same conclusion How can just a few small miners survive this? The answer lies in a new vision. I know, you’re not able to promote a new coin. But only the legendary and visionary are willing to take the risk and move with 5%. Think of it as risk management: a vision to choose the coin for the next journey. I believe they are creating a new vision by dumping Bitcoin. This is an individual choice , Remember , nobody care about you, you will meed to make the proper decision I think , we need a new movement to people origin coin, it could be NANO , LTC, XMR , But not kaspa, not xrp off course

Yes! Lets leave the most successful coin ever for projects that never worked. Love it!

So we should buy the coins you own (and not the coins you don't own) to be your exit liquidity. Check.

Does the verbal abuse get you off?

Is this subreddit turning on BTC now? Time to buy more BTC, thanks.

So you’re trying to sell me the coins you want to dump.

Bitcoin treasuries add 7.7k BTC in a week – Buying the dip?

Keep seeing these articles and the prices barely move. What’s up with that?

You guys have money to buy the dip?

The rCryptoCurrency Moon Week 65 Moon Burn Update Welcome to the Moon Burn Update for Moon Week 65. Let's take a look at all Moon Burns between July 21st and August 17th.]( * Voting on Community governance for the sub Arbitrum Nova: **355,408 Moons** Arbitrum One: **683,404 Moons** Total: **1,038,812 Moons** *At the start of the year Redditors were asked to guess how many Moons would be burned in 2025 for a shot to win 500 Moons for whoever was closest. The majority of guesses were well under 1M.* [*You can see those guesses here:* ]( \------ January 1st Circulating Supply: **79,436,210 Moons** August 25th Circulating Supply: **78,397,398 Moons** **Moon Supply Decrease so far in 2025 - 1.31%** **------** *p.s. Did you know you can buy Moon themed Merch?* [* *- Shop is ran by* [u/002\_timmy]( *and any after tax profit will be used to buy and burn Moons.*

MASSIVE I could have never guessed we will burn one fucking millions MOONs.

Biggest burns from partners: * Pudgy Penguins - something like 98k for 6 weeks of spotlight * Neptune cash - around 45k for 4 weeks of the spotlight The new spotlight is doing wonders for burns

What is the total supply on exchanges?

I remember when moon was 30 cents. Ahh the days

Awesome! Might have to buy some more

I see people “withdrawing” their moons. Can somebody explain this to me and how to do this?

I would like to earn one moon please

BTC keeps bleeding the alts

This my fav post of the month

Insane burns considering the real supply is probably closer to 50M or so. Supply shock is inevitable, and the path to $1+ is clearer and easier to reach than ever before

!withdraw 103

143,000 Moons burned is crazy high considering our max, total supply. This good work will be rewarded for sure

I bet CRO will make that dirty mentions list today 🤧

40k more were bought and burned just today 🔥

How can I tell how many moons I have? Is it just the number following my username? (So mine's like 1K) I'm trying to do the move them to Meta Mask by importing my reddit vault but it's not finding anything when I try to import the Token following guides. edit: Okay, I've gotten the stupid NFT Avatars to show up but still working on figuring out the moon import

I like burn

!withdraw 333 Moon

!withdraw 1

!withdraw 1 Moon

!withdraw 59 moons

It's Over Guys

Ah, so that's why eth is down 6% today.

The only human being capable of flip-flopping more than a politician

How is he not bankrupt 10 times over?

It was a good run…see y’all in 4 years

And thats why we been crashing

The good ol Kramer effect. Dude needs to seriously hang up the hat

jim cramer is a fraud lmao, when he says buy, sell, and when he sells buy

do not cry because it's over. smile because it happened

Did he say when? Maybe its not yet

What the meme doesn’t say is: Cramer fucking hates his kids

He can’t keep getting away with this shit

Booyahhhh.... Just kidding. Maybe Jon Stewart can eviscerate him once again.

Tbf Jim Cramer was right about Nvidia. Later on at least. He kept saying HOLD Nvidia

God damn. Gtfo!!!!!

Him thinking of buying causes red candles before he says it out loud.

As long as capo doesn’t go long eth, we are safe…

how the fuck does he do it

Was a good run boys

Thats it here goes my savings

Time to sell everything, alts gonna get destroyed because of this guy.

Well… fuck.

For his kids too... that is a giga bearish.

BA-HAHAHAHAHA!

He’s the charm to market dips.

Cramer IS the Market

So eth to the moon soon

NOOOOOOOOOOOO

Inverse inverse Cramer? He knows we know…

The end is nigh

Well, it was fun while it lasted boys. 🫡

This just cancelled the entire bullrun:/

Jim Cramer sucks my left nut.

Theres an interview where he legit tells how he essentially fucks people over its an old interview but yea just do the opposite of what he says ull usually win more than lose

This is the same idiot that told me to invest in Bluth Company! I lost my ass on that stupid Sudden Valley development!

It happened

That's it boyz, pack it up, we're going to zero.

we have survived worse

The Chrome Dome of DOOM!!! has spoken once again...

Eth holders in shambles

Who paid Cramer to kill ETH?

The fucken kiss of death!

Well I know he's known as Inverse Jim for stocks but what about crypto does he become Big Gains James?

The man has spoken. See you when his kids sell the generational bottom

Altseason confirmed

Time to dump...

Pack it up, we’re cooked

Someone help understand what is happening

Take profits now.

Yeh we are fucking done. Wake me up in a few years. Meanwhile I move my stack into cold storage and just keep adding to it. Good times. Will stack BTC too.

You follow Kuh-ramer. That’s the way!

He must hate his kids

Thats it. Time to give up. Cramer has spoken.

Dammit kramer!

Time to bale! Cramer is in!

There goes my longs thanks jim

Fed jitters trigger $1.43b crypto fund exodus, largest since March

1.43b exodus and BTC still above 110k, look how far we've come

!withdraw 269

!withdraw 330

!withdraw 200

Is there a youtube channel or a person who posts legit info regarding crypto? Hey folks, So I’ve been getting more into crypto lately—trying to understand more than just price action or trading. I’m talking about the actual tech, big-picture stuff, regulations, and all that. Naturally, I’ve been poking around YouTube for content, but man… it’s a minefield out there. Feels like every other video is someone screaming about the next 100x coin or throwing “URGENT” in all caps with 🚀 emojis. Anyway, I’m wondering: are there *any* legit, reliable crypto YouTubers out there who focus more on education and less on hype? Not looking for moonboys or pump-and-dump bros. Just creators who actually dive into the tech, cover real news, maybe talk about long-term trends, and ideally cite their sources or at least make sense when they explain stuff. Would love recommendations for people who: * Post regularly and don’t disappear in bear markets * Aren’t constantly shilling affiliate links or sketchy platforms * Break things down in a way that’s informative, not just hypey * Don’t pretend to know everything, but still provide thoughtful analysis I’ve heard of a couple like Coin Bureau and Benjamin Cowen—are they still solid? Any others worth checking out? Also down to hear who to avoid if there are any notorious BSers I should stay away from. And if you have any tips on how you personally vet whether a crypto content creator is trustworthy, I’m all ears. Appreciate any help! Just trying to find some decent signal in the middle of all the noise.

In short, no. Long, some are ok but still retain bias.

try [WhiteBoard Crypto](

The legit ones wont gain traction because most viewers are not smart.

Hello, GPT-written post. I steer clear of crypto influencers; they’re a disease, adding nothing but noise.

The business of youtubers is entertainment and affiliate marketing. Even if they are educational, don't forget that. IMO investment advice shouldn't come from social media but from financial advisors & your own due diligence.

On your question who to avoid: Everybody who is making weird faces in their thumbnails. Hoenstly, it would take too long to list all the fake gurus and scammers. But you can almost bet that if they are clueless or scammers they will have silly faces thumbnails.

God damnit doesn't anyone here write a post on his own? I hate this

Investanswers is one of a few I only watch. Everything else are codes and KoLs, all this other crap.

The Gerhard at The Bitcoin Strategy is legit.

No. For the love of god, No

Not on YouTube but Doctor Profit on X/Twitter has had the most accurate predictions regarding Bitcoin this whole bull run. He’s calling for a crash back under $100k in Sept, then new all time highs in Oct-Dec

Frankie Candles! He actually teaches.

Coffeezilla is the only one you can trust. All the others are just pumping they're own coins or are being paid to pump.

Bankless will give you good insight into things happening in the space.

Ben Cowen, TraderMayne

Benjamin Cowen is literally the goat when it comes to crypto TA. The G.O.A.T. Nobody, no singular economist comes close to that guy.

Invest Answers

Matthew Kratter is a Bitcoin maxi but he does provide an excellent macro view on general market sentiment and related news. His YouTube channel is Bitcoin University and I think that you would find it to be very direct and informational, if not kind of boring to his monotone delivery and bullet pointed facts. But certainly a no frills, no shills kind of channel IMHO.

Im no expert....but I started looking for info on youtube back in 2020 and found Bitboy Crypto. his story is crazy, but thats where I started...I still watch that channel...they call it Discover Crypto now....ive watched frankie candles...he's entertaining...as well as Piano Matty B....I really dont know if they are legit...but Ive learned alot....

Yes! Check out 5x Crypto Very relatable and no BS informative videos. More practical than around macro developments, but great info and gateway to the Stellar community that has a strong substance based culture.

Bankless is decent. Eth maxis more or less tho.

Billionaire Heiress Loses $80M in Psychic-Fueled Crypto Bet

Imagine losing $80M because a psychic told you to ape into illiquid tokens peak 2021 degen energy, just with billionaire money instead of Reddit checks.

Money can't buy wisdom or good personal judgment.

The real source article is wild (no paywall wsj link): I could quote it, but I’d be quoting every paragraph.

If you inherit *that* kind of money and you want to do crypto, just put it in fucking Bitcoin. You'll be just fine. You're beyond needing to act like a broke microcap degen looking for a 1000x. Hell you don't need to invest it AT ALL. You are doing fine.

>Richardson added that there was no formal contract between her and Thomson and that she only had an oral agreement on Thomson’s behalf. She claimed that she never profited from the arrangement. the whole thing is utterly absurd, there was no formal contract and she made no profit.

What was the point? Becoming rich?

Money leaves those who don't deserve her, and finds those who do.

Imagine owning 40 million in some random shitcoin?

To think the heiress wants to manage the family fortune? Her brothers did the right thing to keep her out of it.

Royal bag holder

wtf is Persistence? lol

$200B SBI Group Partners With Chainlink for Asia Crypto Expansion

So Ripple Labs largest investor is using Chainlink, not XRP, for cross-border transactions?

The final nail in Ripples coffin. Its beautiful to see.

Big move from sbi teaming up with chainlink after circle, riple & startale shows theyre serious about leading digital asset adoption in Japan & APAC. Tokenized RWA + stablecoin compliance could really push institutional use cases forward

Are Traditional Airdrops and Reward Systems Actually Working in Web3? Over the past few years, many in the crypto space have noticed that traditional airdrops and “Proof-of-Money” reward models often don’t lead to meaningful long-term engagement. Users may receive tokens, but the value of those tokens rarely reflects their actual contribution or involvement in a project. This can lead to a few challenges: 1. **Uneven distribution:** Larger wallets often get the most, regardless of participation. 2. **Short-term speculation:** Tokens are frequently sold quickly, which doesn’t help community growth. 3. **Limited visibility into real contributions:** It’s hard to tell who is genuinely adding value versus just chasing rewards. Many existing solutions seem designed to drive hype and rapid growth, rather than focus on sustainable community building. Some emerging ideas suggest that future systems might benefit from factoring in **reputation, activity, and meaningful contributions**, not just token holdings. Curious to hear what the community thinks - what models or mechanisms have you seen (or wish existed) that better reward genuine participation and help build lasting communities?

Exactly, most airdrops just turn into quick dumps, no real community growth. I will love to see more **proof of participation** models, eward people for actually contributing, not just holding. Seen a few projects trying reputation based rewards, and it honestly feels way more sustainable

I've gotten high 6 figures from airdrop. All except one are below launch price. Airdrop is just an incentive to try your dApp. If it's crap, people will simply dump and move on.

It is primarily a wealth transfer mechanism from secondary market buyers to bots/terminally online farmers. Of course, loads of ppl here will defend it because they are unemployed and need the space to give them free money to pay expenses. Do you ever ask welfare recipients if the govt should cancel welfare?

A Crypto Micronation Is Making Friends at the White House

I’ll be purchasing a micro property in this micro nation for my micro citizenship …wait a minute, what’s that tax rate

Meanwhile if you look over at e.g. the Ledger subreddit all the self custody people keep getting hacked or losing their keys because you need to actually be an intermediate+ user to properly manage self custody. Self custody doesn't pay off for the average user and is actually more risky than holding on an exchange.

I try not to judge. I've been in this game a long time, and I've seen people who have lost paper wallets and hardware wallets and software wallets and lost their passphrases and have lost their recovery phrases. For many (most?) casual users, an exchange is actually safer than in their own self custody. So, I try not to judge them for doing it.

Im on an exchange and Im happy with that. I dont care

Not your keys blah blah blah…transfer off for passive investment strategy, or if you’re ok with transfer fees back and forth (like LARGE sums of $$). Otherwise actively trading is far more accessible on exchange. IMO, My 350 in BTC isn’t worth holding in a wallet

The only real thing here is how hard I rolled my eyes at this

Lol, this is such entitled bullshit. Like keeping money under your pillow vs anywhere else. For the average joe, the exchange is much safer.

If we buy stocks on an exchange, nobody panics, because it’s all part of the plan. But if we buy a decentralized coin on an exchange, everyone loses their minds!

When I was a crypto noob 6 years ago and didn’t know better I kept my crypto on the exchange for 4 year before I discovered other methods… nothing ever happened to my crypto.

This is just my opinion but I trust coinbase, they are a big company with decently transparent finances and insurance. I also have gold shares in the stock market, Im not going to buy physical gold. If it gets to the point when the government is even starting to think of taking gold/btc shares away for some war or something I'll definitely adapt but I think we're pretty far from that. I think I have more odds of losing my key or getting it stolen at home. Also a lot of people I know don't get into bitcoin because they don't understand the wallet stuff.

Well as long as nothing bad or shady happens in the background if the exchange you're perfectly fine 😊

Why do you have to call me out like that.

This is idiotic. The bank has your money too, does that mean it's not yours?

What fraction of bitcoins have been lost due to being on an exchange vs to people have them on their own media and it breaking, getting lost, thrown out, stolen, forgotten or similar but for their keys?

In my current living situation, I dont have a 100% safe location to keep my hardwallet and passphrase, I trust the exchange more than myself currently. Would 100% get them off when the situation improves

I just feel safer with it on CB than I do in cold storage that I’ll find a way to mess up.

If you are not geek enough and dunno about shellscripts and rats etc, you are better off with holding your assets on a reputable cex imo. Yes hardware wallets exist, but if you have a rat on your device, or get dns injection or basically anything related to phishing you can get pwned easily.

I trust the exchange over me

Get a cold wallet. I really recommend Tangem, a set of 2 cards is just $50 and you’re safe.

For most normies, as long as they have mfa enabled via yubikey or auth app. This is probably the better route. I can't tell you the amount of people who get scammed out of their life saving when they click on a link with their web3 wallet.

Mines on an exchange thats registered as a bank. Thats fine right..?

How am I going to set a stop loss if it's not on an exchange?

I honestly think if you’re short term and newer it’s better on the exchange. If you’re long term holding cold storage is a good bet

Gatekeeping is lame.

Nice to see you get some appreciation on Reddit 😂 🫡🤝

Owning a crypto is half of the game keeping it safe is the other half exchange : risk of liquidation issue cold wallet : risk of losing access

I trust exchanges more than my memory, lack of hard drive backups, and organisational skills.

It's worth the exact same amount

Honest question, what world do you all envision where etf’s and traditional finance as we know it crashes or disappears while at the same time society retains the energy production that allows for the mining of crypto? And WiFi for you to access your defi accounts? Please explain the joke to me like I am a five year old

If buying crypto from an exchange isn't reasonable then it will literally never become mainstream. Do you guys even want bitcoin to go up in value?

Ok, can I have your exchange coins then?

An exchange with insurance is literally safer than self custody. This is the argument of "cash in the mattress vs cash in the bank" all over again.

Seeing some of the posts in this sub, using a (legit) exchange that knows what its doing, is genuinely the best thing for them

They both have their own flaws. I’ve seen both leave users devastated and without their assets.

Smells like an ad

Only way to unload bags though

99% of people are better off doing that than using a wallet with keys they'll inevitably lose or give away to scammers.

I buy the etf’s with my broker now. Had a ledger, exchanges,.. Even the exchanges suck,0 customer service,.. transfers from exchanges to bank account also suck. Now i buy with my broker, never been happier

Serious question what’s wrong with holding on an exchange? Just DCAing with no plans to sell

This is bedwetter stuff. Exchanges are absolutely fine for most.

I stake ETH on Binance gaining interest and leave the rest of my crypto there out of convenience, and I couldn't give a fuck.

So if I own 1k on crypto should I have it on a cold wallet!?

If you own fiat money and it is in a bank, what happens if the bank goes down?

If exchanges start going down, yall get bigger things to worry about

There are only 35 million UTXOs on Bitcoin that have a balance greater than dust. That means at most 35 million people control their own coins. In reality less than 1 million people control their own coins. Users can have multiple UTXOs, and exchanges have millions of them. There is even one poorly run exchange that has over 600,000 UTXOs! I hope you’re not a customer of theirs, the fees alone to move those UTXOs will be huge, depositors would take a massive haircut if they tried to move their coins elsewhere. This is what’s really great about Bitcoins supposed benefits of trust less, censorship resistance and immutability. If it’s on an exchange, you have none of that. And the vast majority of crypto owners have their coins on an exchange, because they don’t actually value any of that.

Imagine the price of Bitcoin by the time crypto in general becomes as simple and safe to store and use as USD today.

I have a fool proof way for people to make money on crypto. Sell or do not buy anything I have in my wallet. I buy, guarantee it will lose money.

From 12 people 10 hold 99% of the total tokens (or whatever else, stock if you will). The other 2, continuesly buys the reminder 1%. What happens to the price? And if the sell it to each other continuesly, what happens to the price?

Etf is ideal might not look cool on Reddit and get fake internet points but if you want the opportunity to make money with less risk it’s the no brainer option.

I just buy it on fidelity. Fuck it, its safer.

As a noob its way to confusing trying to transfer to a wallet. I could care less where it goes I just want easy access. For me thats on Coinbase.

I bought thousands and thousands of bitcoin for about 10-20 bucks as a joke with friends right when it came out. It was pizza and drug exchange currency at the time. I had a wallet with a QR code and lost the piece of paper a long time ago. I like exchanges tbh. Made fair money using them. Had I did the same thing with a proper exchange as an adult with a brain id be a multi millionaire.

Same thing applies to your data, websites, apps, and Al agents. If they live on someone else's servers (AWS, Azure, GoogleCloud), you don't really own them - just like crypto on an exchange isn't really yours. That's why Web3 matters. It's the internet on the blockchain: full-stack apps, websites, and Al hosted on-chain, sovereign and tamper-proof. If you're serious, go ask Google: which blockchain can actually host full-stack apps, websites, and Al agents fully on-chain, 100%, no AWS or GoogleCloud? Do your own research. Web3 is here.

Harsh reality

A better one for this meme would be: “I own crypto!” “It’s on a hardware wallet and I don’t remember the password!”

Have you heard of NEXO? Thoughts? Earn interest on your crypto. They just came back to America

Only way to sell is on exchange

how about a non-custodial CEX? $STEAMX.

Not gonna lie I keep some on coinbase in case I need money fast

Why do people care so much. Wide scale adoption is centralised wallets imo. My grandma ain't going to carry around a ledger.

"Not your keys not your coins" Vs "I don't trust myself with self custody"

I kept mine in my wallet and lost it when FTM upgraded now ive lost intrest in crypto altogether. F FTM now. Sonic whatever it is. Ill leave it in my wallet till 0 that waste more trying to upgrade it. I wish i stuck to btc on exchanges. Just have some on all of them.

This is like saying don’t buy GLD, buy physical gold bars.

I keep mine on exchange and no plans of moving it, no your keys not your coins was just a marketing slogan from the cold wallet companies clearly it worked

I ain't sad holding IBIT

i think it’s more likely for me to lose my cold wallet and seed phrase than robinhoods custody. Even if my account gets hacked the daily limits won’t let them get much before finding out.

lmao linux users of crypto world 😭

That is why I store crypto on decentralized wallets, so I would actually own the crypto.

i have about 10k on binance. i started with 2k. when and how do i pull my coins to hardware wallet? i trade every cycle (bull bear markets)

A lot of people just want to make money. Not all of us want to hold crypto forever and often want to be able to trade easily. I have a hard wallet and an exchange. I have most on the hard, but I keep a decent % in exchange so I can move it around when I want to. I do not like doing trades on the hard wallet. Yes, I am aware of dangers on any platform with wallets. Just don't be stupid. Don't try questionable things for the quick $

I'm on an exchange because the amount of BTC I own, is less than the amount it would be to buy a good quality cold wallet. Until I can put serious money into BTC, then I'll come off the exchange

If it’s on exchange you don’t own crypto

If its on an exchange you dony own it. You just have credit on a website that could shut down any second.

So glad to see you posting here!

I doubt James Howell feels the same.

When the underlying thing you hold is useless, fight with other holders about you hold it. Crypto in a nutshell.

September is historically the worst month for cryptocurrency. Don’t make emotional decisions Some of you may be new around here, some maybe not. August and September have historically been the two weakest months of the year, with the number 1 and number 2 slot going to October and April respectively. I’m expecting to see a market wide drop ranging from 10-15% over the next three to four weeks, before the true bull run starts. If you are new to crypto currencies just chill out, ride the wave and don’t sell anything. In fact, if you have the cash flow, now is the time to ramp up your principal contributions. If market cycles continue as they have before we may be on the cusp of a break out cycle, where today’s prices will never be available again. As we move through September just keep it in the back of your head that September is always a bad month. Don’t make any emotional decisions.

Only buy what you can afford to lose and hold on to your balls of steel

I laugh every time someone uses "historically" on a 10 year old asset which only had relevant trading volume since 2017.

Sorry, but I don’t think you’re in any position to give advice to people who are new if you’re making predictions based around what month it is. There’s 0 chance you’ve been investing for decades if those are the metrics by which you’re making decisions

Did you really just say you expected a 10-15% drop over the next few weeks, and then in the next sentence tell newbies to ‘ramp up your principal contributions’? Please don’t take advice from people like this.

Bring it on, I got cash.

Hard to say. If the US Fed Reserve cuts rates, my money says everything will be going up, up and away.

I'm always emotionally happy when I'm buying the dip in September...

September tends to test everyone’s patience.

I sold ETH when it was 1800😑

"True" bull run starts? Mate everything is up literally 100% from like a year ago, so this is the "true" bull run lmao.

>If market cycles continue as they have before we may be on the cusp of a break out cycle, where today’s prices will never be available again. >As we move through September just keep it in the back of your head that September is always a bad month. Don’t make any emotional decisions. A Fed rate cut will probably alter the equation and last year, when the Fed cut rates in September, btc’s monthly candle closed green.

Woooohoooooo discount before rocktober

Imagine showing my past self posts like "Bitcoin craters to 111,000, but it'll get better"

I had to fact check you and found a price map, and the past 4 Augusts have been red, but the past 2 Septembers have been green. Yes September has been bad before 2023, but I'm more inclined to believe more recent data. I'd be cautious the rest of this month at least.

September is a bad month for assets in general

The bull run started 3 years ago, its now the beginning of the end

Yes, and post-halving Augusts *always* deliver historic gains. Don't draw statistically unwarranted conclusions.

> Don’t make emotional decisions I've become numb over the years, now I just stack sats and hold through whatever the market throw at me

Historically we also see August giving us 10%+ return post halving year and that hasn’t happened. Things are changing and we don’t know what September will bring.

I want to be seeing only greeeennn now.

worst month?? maybe you don't remember January 2018 : /

Are you WinterMute ?

This year, it's probably going to do both. Rally hard up until mid Sept, then sell the news on the 1st rate cuts. My plan is to skim profits and have cash on the sidelines for when the M2 has its pull back

Oh come on OP you can't post that. It's well known that 90% of this sub prefers to act like Nathan Lane's character of Albert in the Birdcage when the market drops. [

You know what? I will DCA even harder. You know what that means.

I have 20% of my portfolio in stable coins, I need a pull back more then ever. Lol.

Historically September is a bad month but every few years it's a green month. So basically we have no idea what it will be this time...

Oh! And if you are Virgo or Libra, also don’t sell. And if you don’t like football. And if you like Halloween. Then don’t sell and follow this arbitrary advice.

How much are they down just today? Lol

The moment you talk about it, the moment the prediction becomes useless.

TA works if a billionare buys your crypto! „True bull run“ lol when we‘re almost 10x off the lows

What if I am making too many emotional buys?

I hate September. Historically in my city ,traffic fucks me this month.

Counterpoint: Drive fast, take chances.

Fed is cutting rates in September though

This whole market has been one step forward and two steps backward, sometimes three steps backward, at least for alts. There is always some FUD to keep pulling us back. Even good news is bad sometimes. It's frustrating, to say the least. I've been hanging in tough, though. There must be manipulation happening, and it won't last forever.

Worst month for trading !

Bad news for you guys I’m here and holding crypto and god is not gonna let me have this money so that means none of you are getting it either 😆

Stake everything … Then you got no choice but to commit.

Just keep stacking. Thats all you need to think about for the next couple weeks.

Sell low, buy highhhhh!!!

I always make the most logical decision. Buy high sell low

More like -30%. Hold onto your pockets boys.

Yo, great call on staying chill through September’s crypto slump! I’ve been in the game a while and yeah, this month always feels like a punch to the gut. That 10-15% drop you’re predicting sounds about right, seen it before. What’s got you so sure the bull run’s coming right after? I’m holding tight but wondering if I should scrounge up some extra cash to buy in if prices tank. Appreciate the heads-up, man!

This is not your normal market if you have not realized yet....the past means little at this point.

I’m buying Alts like crazy!!! I don’t give a damn what anybody says!!!

Im hopeing for a red September so I can buy more for less than 100k. Either way it's once every other week.

I dont think seasonality work in crypto. If you check back, you see some years August is worst than September and some years, August is bullish.

Sir, it's August If you wanted that better entry point, here you go

It's August...

Market will do the exact opposite. New ATH's galore in September. Got it, thanks!

Bitcoin weekly market update, 25 August 2025 **Bitcoin spent yet another week consolidating after the breakout in early July. The conservative price target of $142k remains.** Last week, markets were mostly in standby up until Friday, anxiously waiting for Powell to spill the beans about the prospects of a September rate cut at his Friday speech in Jackson Hole. Then Friday came. Powell spoke. The markets listened. And apparently they were happy with what they heard: rate cuts are still on the table. Stocks pumped. Bitcoin pumped. Both Ethereum and BNB put in new all time highs. After the Friday pump, bitcoin gave back some gains over the weekend, and closed in one more week of consolidation after the breakout in early July. In other words: nothing has changed. The price target of $142k remains. Note that this is a conservative price target; it might well end up going a lot higher. Meanwhile, bitcoin dominance kept dropping. Meaning the big altseason is still in play. At some point during the next couple of months, dominance will likely bounce. This could be because the whole market corrects, or because bitcoin sets off on its next leg up while Ethereum consolidates. Looking at the daily chart, 55.5% could be where dominance finds support. But that’s mostly speculation. As always we’ll have to keep watching the charts week by week and take things as they come. In summary, let’s see how the coming week plays out, but for now everything still looks good! [BTC\/USD weekly chart, 25 August 2025. Still consolidating after the breakout in early July. Price target of $142k remains.]( [Bitcoin dominance BTC.D, 25 august 2025. Trend turning down indicates altseason is ahead.](

Is anyone actually using grovex.io?? [CEX] I want to figure out just how legit this exchange is. I found it by looking at coin market cap under the places that list of all volume coming from different exchanges. I basically sent an application to list our token in every single one that I thought would be compatible with the Sui ecosystem. So after playing to about a dozen centralized exchanges, the only one that I kept in contact with an actually had good communication with me and our telegram chat was grovex. Now they want me to deposit 2500 USD into the exchange, which I don't actually have, I will have to borrow a friend, who says they will let me borrow it. I want to do a little bit of diligence before I deposit my friends money into an exchange I've never personally used. As you might have guessed by our seven year old Reddit account and the fact that I am manually applying myself to get on centralized exchanges, we haven't achieved much financial success, but we are a super legit project that has been alive for more than seven years and has crypto app people actually benefit from outside of just financially. So, that's why I am asking. Everything seems fine, but I want to check because it's not my money and I feel like a total dumb ass if it was a big scam. P.S. On coinmarketcap they say that they have $1 billion of daily volume on Bitcoin USDT. I know for an assumption that this is pretty fake because they are literally offering to run the market maker on my coin, which of course I want because I want volume to show up on coinmarketcap too

Nope never heard of them. But if they ask you for money it's clear as day that it's a scam and your money is gone..stop throwing money in there.

Never heard of them. Also, what's the $2,500 in USDC for?

I’ve never even heard of it

a very common scam. Do not send them anything. Also do not accept "recovery assistance" from anywhere including private messages in Reddit

Sketchy ass website. I'd stay away

Ethereum (ETH) Just Became The Fastest Asset In History To $500B - Quietly Making History While Few Are Talking About It As you can see in the image above with the Fastest Assets to $500B, Ethereum is the one that achieved the fastest achievements and holds the record. Timeline to $500B: * **Ethereum (ETH):** \~5.8 years * **Exxon Mobil (XOM):** \~7.9y * **Bitcoin (BTC):** \~12 years * **Apple (AAPL):** \~35 years Ethereum did this in less than 6 years, what it took one of the most iconic companies on Earth more than three decades to achieve. Even Bitcoin, the OG of crypto took double the time. Most people know Ethereum as “that crypto with smart contracts and NFTs,” but here’s a stat that puts things into perspective: it just became the *fastest major asset in history* to hit a **$500 billion market cap.** This is not just a random milestone. This highlights how crypto and Ethereum is the fastest growing asset class ever created. We are watching the birth of a financial system that grows at internet speed. Ethereum is not just digital money, it is becoming the base layer for everything in the future, from DeFi, NFTs, gaming, DAOs, etc. Everything will be on top of Ethereum ecosystem. Skeptics usually dismiss crypto as hype but the numbers are just brutal facts. Adoption curves are accelerating and capital is flowing so fast. Imagine not believing in a project with this amount of investment and insane metrics. Source: * Tweet: [

Umm.... Ethereum's been around for 10 YEARS!! What's with this 5.8 year nonsense?!?

Not to shit on the achievement, but adjusting for inflation it becomes less impressive. ExxonMobile was formed in 1999, so their $500B milestone in 2007 is equivalent to $780B in 2025. Apple was founded in 1976. Not exactly apples to apples comparison

Are you a bot? Ethereum is 10 years old.

BTC and ETH are the GOAT

Some random sol shitcoin prob made the fastest 10 bn in a day. Imo, this statistics is irrelevant.

What caused the spike yesterday?

I remember when everyone in here hated ETH

Exciting time to be alive

So All in Exxon Mobil and ETH?

What's next? SOL? XRP? ADA?

And yet the slowest to ATH.

Inflation makes this type of statement rarely impressive.

$500B for what? Nobody uses it for anything.

11 companies hit $1 Trillion BTC hit it faster. The second will hit it faster than that. There will be more $1 trillion dollar blockchain projects

be interesting to see how high it can go this year

Yeah, crazy how fast ETH reached that milestone 🚀 It really shows how crypto is becoming the backbone of the new financial system. What’s even more exciting is that while ETH is the base layer, we’re seeing new projects experimenting with totally different concepts - not just money, but things like tokenized time, NFT - certificates, community - driven DAOs, etc. Web3 is just starting to show its true diversity.

Remember when we were making daily ETH bashing comments

I remember celebrating the day that it hit $1 billion MC way back in early 2017

US Treasury and USDT exploding USD money supply We know if from Casinos. You enter, exchange money for tokens, play and once you leave, you change back to FIAT. In the meantime, the Casino doesnt do anything with your money. To my understanding, Crypto and Tether is different and the US Goverment is going to use Tether to increase money supply. Here’s my thinking: Treasury issues a bill (1) of 100 USD and Joe Sixpack buys it. Treasury takes the 100 USD and sends it to Tether. \--> Tether sends 100 USDT back to Treasury \--> Tether sends 100 USD back to Treasury to buy the next 100 US Treasury bill (2) Now Treasury has 200 USD and 100 USDT. \--> Treasury sends money from bill 2, 100 USD to Tether \--> Tether sends 100 USDT back to Treasury \--> Tether sends 100 USD back to Treasury to buy the next 100 US Treasury bill (3) Treasury now has 300 USD and 200 USDT. Since USDT is becoming a fully valid means of payment, US Treasury now has 500 USD to spend, only taking on 300 USD of new debt. Am I missing something or is this really happening?

I have no idea what OP o-posted, I’m just here to say good morning to my crypto fam

money used to buy TB is not spent as you describe

This is…just creative writing.

Your understanding is much flawed

Taxpayers hate this one weird trick!

Exactly. That’s why it’s called the Genius Act.

welcome to the class on Stablecoins 101. Please open your books to Chapter 1 "Magic internet money" or "Where did my $100 go?"

Bitcoin OG whales to blame for BTC’s painful rise: Willy Woo

Wow! "Bitcoin’s price action may be influenced by whales, according to Willy Woo" Seriously?

The words ‘no shit sherlock’ come to mind

Long-term BTC holders dumping bags on misguided Redditors to blame for poor BTC price action.

flash crashes are noise- whales buying ETH is the signal

How a GameStop Shopper Won $115K in Bitcoin From a $13 Pack of Cards - Decrypt

Hitting this crypto jackpot is easier than a small miner finding a full block solo.

This is just gambling with extra steps

Nice grift, it's gambling plus junk wax, for the children.

Don’t buy single packs! Boxes only! 2pk box or 8pk box. And buy from GameStop!

Now worth 109k lol

Bitcoin’s ETFs Kill the Transaction Fees, Punishing the Miners More

99% of miners nowadays are companies rather than individuals anyway

So no transaction fee = less gains

It doesn’t kill the transaction fee. It just shifts the profit to the brokerage firms. Even if they advertise “no fee” they’re still making a profit on the spread

Also ETFs are actually safe.

Binance Faces Allegations of Market Games as Solana Nears BNB

Solana Seeker Review: A More Measured Crypto Phone

Lmao no thanks, thats just useless waste of resources and money

All we need now are a couple of huge green candles and we'll be almost halfway back to where we were on Friday which was almost halfway back to where we were the week before. We got this! 👍

Hilarious when you think alts gets some life BTC always kills it

Horrible 24 hours. Sure we'll go back up later in the week, but so annoying.

I made *no* friends along the way!

Theres literally no longs left to liquidate but it just keeps dumping

Now we are forced to be in it for the tech.

We pump market open, don't sell

So this whale that sold 2.7 billion $ and helped cause the dip to almost 110k could just ‪Open shorts, sell billions worth, close shorts, wait, open shorts, sell billions worth, close shorts, wait, open shorts, sell billions…‬ for his remaining 17b?

Boss, I'm tired. I cant keep up with stacking sats. My wallet is empty. I sold everything already, except my kidney

he bought??? DAMP IT

I remember someone predicting dip after August 24th. Then recovery in oct. Do people just sell based on cycle analysis. Thus ensuring cycle analysis becomes true. Chicken and egg situation !

“Health correction “ STFU . Most of the coins have not passed 2024 December levels .

Whale dumps btc to buy eth. Whale tanks bitcoin. Bitcoin tanks eth. Nobody wins.

This week we finally get $5k ETH.

1.5B in longs liquidated in 24 hours and it’s still dumping

really weak performance by the internet coins in the last 12 hours. I'm disappointed

Volatility is the theme for September. Tradfi and crypto will both experience it. Ready to ride the rollercoaster to Valhalla. (Or the local Wendy’s)

Just keep buyin the dips, he told himself as he plugged more money in

I'm tired, boss.

This is happening after Bitcoin broke its all-time high by a whopping .3%. There is no hope. Cryptocurrency won't help you escape poverty anymore and all of us bought in too late.

Maybe the real altseason was the friends we made along the way…

BTC Dominance has firmly broken and closed below the ascending wedge on its weekly timeframe, now siting right on its 100 week moving average. expecting a bounce from that level shortly then we will get the final capitulation for alt season starting hopefully in october time, can see the bounce lasting most of september even into early october.

I hope that whale gets fucked

there is no more cash to buy the dip

Yesterday heaven, r/cc bullish. Later yesterday + today, flash crash, r/cc bearish. This sub is for "price go up" only people. Nobody talks about crypto tech any more. Pink pony club should be the name of r/cc...

Eth losing 10% in like 12hrs is fucking wild

After 4+ years in crypto I finally took more profit than what I put in. It’s all good from here on out

This has been a terrible bull run year. We’re still at December 2024 prices or lower for most crypto’s except ETH right now

Anytime my girlfriend threatens to break up with me, I tell her to stop spreading FUD

Degen-Genius meter as of August 25th, 2025: Degen <——O——————> Genius

Marketmakers simply doing what they do obliterating longs and covering shorts. Shaking out the new, and the fearful. While giving opportunity to big money, and the original faithful! The patient and the faithful are rewarded. Some of us remember 67% drawdowns, and either holding, or doubling down. This is just a normal Sunday!

This is only such a warm up

we were back for about what? 1 hr?

So we should have sold yesterday instead of taking screenshots.. got it.

If everyone believes September is going to be terrible, that means September is definitely going to be terrible, right? _Disclaimer: I have no idea what will happen._

Ever have that friend that yelled “boo!” when come around the corner? After awhile, they have no effect… these sell offs are kinda like that.

I bought the dip but it keeps dipping.

Two years ago the total crypto market cap was just over $1 trillion. Today we are just under $4 trillion.

Everyone thinks money in crypto is easy and “lucky” to get in early until they get in and watch it daily. Then they come to realize money made in crypto is definitely earned lol

Congrats to the diamond hands! Total crypto market cap now matches Dec. 2024.

The future of finance, brought to you by whales and bots.

This is what happens if market makers are allowed to manipulate the market like this without going to jail. Only thing I see this cycle how to liquidate longs and shorts, nothing else.

I guess the dip will be a lot deeper when burgers wake up

Rate cuts are coming, crypto news is only positive, so of course dump it!

Back to ramen no meat

Taking my money out of this sh.t market going back to buying and fixing cars and re- selling, there is no bear market when you do that, I gave it four years,screw this

The unsuspecting retail got some serious PTSD from the sharp wick. Trust issues FR

Y'all are panicking WAY too early. We just had Ethereum at an all-time high and treasury companies are being launched for Solana. I think it's a little too soon for bear market anxiety.

god damn there is no bottom!

This has been one of the craziest sundays I’ve seen in a while. I know everyone here is like being “are You new here blah blah” and although I’m not, it’s been a while since such obvious long short games have been played on a Sunday.

Altseason 2017/2021 = Altcoins going 5-10x Altseason 2025 = liquidate as many shorts and longs as possible.

WTF HAPPENED? Holy fuck i am so fucking tired of this fucking bullshit

Everyone talking about Strategy recent buys underwater and the whole debt service issue thing... Wouldn't it be genius for Strategy to quietly sell calls on BTC like say, 15% out of the money? The premiums could easily cover the debt/pref service (at least the current pay portion), AND if BTC actually went on a big run up, Saylor could sell Bitcoin to keep the price below strike until expiration. Makes sense to me but I'm an idiot so probably doesn't work.

i thought the longs would have been flushed already

With btc dom so less why aren’t the alts doing their own independent thing yet. Its crap ffs

Is this how a true start to an altseason looks?

Recovering

Bitcoin is superstitious about leaving and gaps…

The dip that keeps on dipping!!!!

That rock hard green candle is now drooping like an 80yr olds pecker. 50mm of boner meds stat! And for you inquisitive lot "stat" is a shortened form of the Latin word statim, meaning "immediately"

This is just as bad as a week ago and we got rescued by JP. What to do now?

We are so back (until the next flush)

A whale reportedly dumped 24k BTC worth over 2.7 billion causing massive long liquidations. As always the poor and middle class are at the mercy of rich shitheads with too much money and too much time. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure we will bounce back and I will hold but it seems like momentum has been lost temporarily. Very annoying...

Guys.. is this alt season?

ETH touched ATH? Come on bro, quick sell!

I bought the dip too soon & now I have to buy the dip of the dip.

Meanwhile regular markets barely even dipped

Nice sale today, time to load up. The rebound will be epic.

Where is everybody?

Bart Simpson almost complete.

Thank you to the loser that tanked the market by not using OTC to sell his Bitcoins.

Probably an unpopular opinion, but I honestly think that these new highs Bitcoin had been making recently was just pricing in all the dollar devaluation. If you look at the EUR chart you can clearly see we haven’t moved from December/January highs… it’s sad, but it is what it is. Might really be in a double top scenario here, just like 2021. Hope not, but it’s getting closer to that day by day now.

ok no crash at market open. got to be a good sign right?

Some of you are paper hands and it shows Best believe I’m going to be buried with my ledger wallet. Now that’s HODL

Up down up down uppppp downnnnnnnnnn

I really can't explain why people start buying the biggest garbage altcoins every time there's a small uptrend. Does greed really make people so stupid?

let see how 100k will hold in upcoming days.

but... but.... my youtuber said CME gap 117k...... don't worry, it'll be filled next cycle aka in 4 years

There is no better time to buy than when the news is bullish and the price is bearish.

Tempted to buy.. with shorts being open like crazy now I feel like another swing is bound to happen to wipe them out again

I have done my part, bought the dippy dip

Asia is gonna wake up spooked and we are gonna dump even more smh

Uptober will be glorious

HEALTHY correction, thats all

We're gettin rekt fam

My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.

Already lower than last friday. What a performance

BTC is lower than inauguration day. Crypto president.

Honestly people that say buy and hold for a long time, only worked like half decade ago when prices were low or last bear market, when u buy in a bull run, it’s mental torture cuz gains can disappear all within a few hours

Back to the scheduled programm before Powell speech🥳

Not the worst start to a Monday market open.

I wonder if they will have me back at Wendy's 🫠

Really wasn't expecting this kind of dip until September lol

5 years later and the volatility still pisses me off lol

Well, happy new ATH to ETH, aand it’s gone…

this is nuts

Is it possible to get 1 Bitcoin from $2 donations as a social experiment? I’ve been thinking about this idea and wanted to share it with the community. I don’t have much disposable income ,most of my paycheck goes toward rent and supporting my family. That makes it hard for me to invest long term, even though I believe in Bitcoin. Here’s the thought: what if enough people sent just $2 each, and together it added up to 1 Bitcoin? Not as charity exactly, but more like a social experiment to see if something like this could actually work. I know it might sound crazy, and I have no idea if people would really participate, but I feel like it would be fascinating to find out. Even just the idea of whether small contributions from a big group of people could reach something as significant as 1 Bitcoin is interesting to me. What do you think ,possible or impossible?

"Can I trick people into sending me money in the guise of a social experiment". I'm sure some will, but good luck lol

Do it. Then shove the bitcoin up your butt.

"Not as charity exactly" \- sounds exactly as charity to me I think it would be easier to get a second job and use that to invest, or see if there's something you'd be willing to sell.

That's called "panhandling."

The Anatomy of a Grifter - OP's new book

it's called go fund me. Go open one and see how much you can get.

BTC YTD negative in my currency I cant believe BTC is negative YTD vs my currency (Swedish SEK) so I would have been better off just sitting on Cash throughout the year. At the same time I see people are calling it bullmarket, small correction from the top etc. Not sure what to expect, no matter how much BTC will increase in $ coming years it looks like the dollar will continue to weaken even more. -15% YTD, and overall analysis summarized by chatgtp (yes) estimates it will drop another 30% coming years. I just see a scenario where BTC in USD hits 200K and Im still negative in numbers. Starting to lose faith but its only been 9 months, will have to endure one full cycle at least. But painful when I went all-in after 10 years in global index'es where I had promised myself to never fall for the temptation to move out from an index. Sitting with 2+ coins for what its worth

okay but over the last year it’s up 70% to sek and over 5 years it’s up over 1,000%. but yeah, sorry about your ytd woes.

Homie has the patience of a two year old

Check back in 4-5 years

Next time, make sure to predict the future better. What are you doing getting a negative yield? Clearly if you predicted the future accurately that would not happen. That’s why I make sure to predict the future correctly rather than incorrectly.

If anything you’re making the argument of why it’s useful to own btc over fiat. Your btc is worth less in sweedish dollars but 1 btc still equals 1 btc. It will one day be the currency of use, and your dollar value compared to it will crumble not because bitcoin is getting weaker, but your actual currency is.

Move out of Sweden and sell your BTC where it has more value.

Purchase BTC Nowadays even in a remote town in southern Italy you can buy bitcoin in a supermarket

Zoom Out & HODL

1w and 1m are also shit lol what charts are you looking at

I would change 1 week into 5 years.

Ppl!!!! BTC is going to zero!!!! Sell now!!!! (I need to buy even cheaper)

The most valuable lesson I learned in crypto - when in doubt, zoom out

long term always win!

Just forget about it and come back in few years

Is $100K feels “too late” to buy Bitcoin ? My PoV is a as follows, ask yourself: is it more plausible that it goes to $0 or to $1M? Risk/reward is 1:9 That’s still asymmetric upside.

Same fucking post every day

If your neighbor paid $100 for 1 BTC and it goes to $1M they made $999,900. If you pay $100k and it goes to $1M you made $900,000

You can lose 100 %. But gains are infinite.

Love that 1:9, gonna buy and HODL some more when I get more FIAT in a couple of days.

Everyone gets bitcoin at the price they deserve

Let's say it's a party, and remain two hours for it to end, it's late, but you'll still enjoy a bit, there will be people who will enter in the last 15 minutes...

Reason in Colombian peso

This is cheap

It's not too late if you can keep the Bitcoin even if it goes down to say $50k temporarily, but if you sell on the way down then it's always too late, ideal is buying more on the way down.

Sell yours OP, that way I can buy yours cheaper!

People scared to buy try to auto convince themselves.

Go read about what you are buying, please.

100k is a great place to invest..

What feels more likely, $50k or 250k? 70k or 160k? 100k or ATH? These posts are dumb

Btc could max go less than 250x from now, cause by then it basically represents the entire world finances. Btc already did a 100.000+ x. Too late? Probably, but it can still be an okay investment

Yeah. It's sell-only after 100k. Sorry man

DCA into best asset class of all time

10 yrs ago some people think they're too late, look what happened

My average is 116k 😂 In it for the long run

Man just stack sat and forget thinking about the price.

[bacteria that poops gold](

How soon are you expecting to convert it back to debasing fiat? If soon, then yeah maybe. If mid term, probably not. If long term, they haven’t shut off the money printers yet.

Bitcoin ceo said it’s never too late

to early maybe

I’m waiting for the next dip. They there won’t be another dip but no way have bitcoin stopped being very volatile. I know you can never time the market but there’s a large dip in the future

Buy the year before halving

I think at first we will see 1M, then 0:D The main problem is everyone wants to reach the moon here. And governments want to get more control of their citizens. So i think they want to transfer their debt to bitcoin, then make it kaput))

The POWER of 0.001 Bitcoin

How do I accept BTC payments via my website, Offerup, & facebook? Maybe this is a stupid question but I have to ask. I want to know from people real world experience. I would like to allow BTC payments from my customers. This would include payments direct from my website store and via sites like Offerup and Facebook Marketplace. Do I just provide my wallet address? Thanks in advance.

I mean if you just want to accept Bitcoin and not convert to local currency then yeah just put your address barcode on your website. You might need to ask customers to share the txn\_id so you can match txn to customer... if you want something more refined you could use Bitpay...

open-source cryptocurrency payment processor: [ How do you accept bitcoin payments? [ How to Accept Bitcoin Payments - From a Farmers Market, to Ecommerce & Everything in-between. [ Accepting Bitcoin as e-commerce payment without excessive KYC or coding? [ CypherpunkPay:a new lightweight alternative to BTCPay Server: [ Here a list of videos as well: [ Start Accepting Bitcoin Payments With 0% Fees & No Third-party: BTCPay Server is a self-hosted, open-source cryptocurrency payment processor. It's secure, private, censorship-resistant and free [ business owner looking to add crypto/BTC as a form of payment: [

Coinbase Commerce works too.

Check out BTCPay server. Also Voltage.

Where is this place. Let me book a business class 😂 Interstellar and Bitcoin lovers 🤝

If you're rich you can just hodl while travelling or riding motorcycle for 5 years around the world

Stupid rich in just a couple hours

What are you going to do, when you wake up and see this? 🤔

Drink coffe, take a shit and try to survive another day.

Yhaaayyyy, discount season is f\*\*king here for me.🤣🤣🤣

Will never happen, so many buy orders above 0

I'll probably question what sort of moron has started plotting values over time along the x-axis.

Fuck yea I'll buy everything

The graph is retarded. The x-axis runs from $250,000 to $0, so what's the y-axis?

Execute order 66

Is that the dollar?

If one day bitcoin becomes closer to 0, like 1k or less, it wont happen from a day to the other, it will take months after something really unexpected that drives the holders to stop their buying habits and consider to sell. Still, there will be the core believers and the non thinkers who will see the price drop and buy. So it will never get to 0, even in dooms day (so I believe)

Buy more! Duh!!! 🤦

Sell the house , the kidney, the kids, the wife and buy more

Remove the last 0 please because I want to see 25000

Cocaine and hookers

Have Bitcoin and are in history of Bitcoin era 😂, it fun enough

That’s one way to DCA.

see hwat? i don't know what i see

Shit the bed 🤣

Too many super rich elites and gov that own it that won't let this happen. Remember price is set by a very small amount of daily trades.

Smashing buy, I don’t see bitcoin as a fiat value. No one will accept it? It’s fine, self sustain and live life free from government control and social slavery.

The technology has to fail for that to happen. If that happened, you wouldn’t even be able to sell or move the BTC on the network. Even if it restarted, it’s unlikely to regain trillion dollar valuation again. The next in line would take over #1 and probably remain for a long time.

I would buy several bitcoins then.

Go back to sleep.

At close to 0 price would buy for sure. :)

Go back to sleep ! Its just a bad un realistic dream 😤😤

Open the window and see if the world is finally burning or flooding or both!

Recognize that it's a lucid dream and do whatever I want. Seriously though, Newton's law is not just for rocks. Nothing this big is ever falling overnight. Be it bitcoin or trump support.

it's joever

This can only happen if the tracking site is actually down or bugged tho. So I'm just checking it in another site.

I've already been through that. Bought in 2018 and rode it out.

Sell, and then buy high

What are you going to do when a 747 jumbo jet lands on your house?

These idiotic Bitcoin critics truly believe that it'll go to zero when the reality is if it ever got down to say, even 20k people go crazy buying it up. Bitcoin will never go to zero. The same way gold will never go to zero.

250,000 to zero would be a straight line down not a glide down

Another Buy-in, PLZ.

Buy the fucking dip

It will never happen. Who are you trying to fool?

Just wait for the big solar flares/storms.

Nothing, prolly keep investing like I did when it was at $20000

I will still continue to buy because what about the dollar?

Not possible, because me and Michael Saylor would buy the whole supply

Guess I’m still living my dream life cause I’ll never wake up and see this lol

I hope it's because the USD is so strong that BTC is irrelevant. My traditional portfolio should be very strong. That said, this will never happen now that there is institutional acceptance and investment in BTC

Buy as much as posible.

Wake up again

Is that dxy?

OkAy BuT wHaT aBoUt WhEn It DoEs ThIs?!

This is so stupid, might as well ask what are you going to do if superman punches a hole through the sun?

I will try to survive, because without crypto I can’t transfer my money from my country, where I earn money to the country where I live now

I just found out about this new app called Ember. If you like casino games and sports betting you have to try Ember. They use bitcoin AND it mines for you every hour , every day. Use my code and we can both multiply how much it mines per hour. Just look at it and let me know what you think. Referral Code: MNGXJU6YOVM Use my code. You can thank me later 😉

Bitcoin 101 - Is there more than these 3 steps that I listed (to start doing bitcoin with a regular bank account? heard title"Bitcoin 101 - to see clearly actually all the practical steps in line what you need to do ' to do bit coin or trying to see or create myself a type of 'simplest diagram (which shows the whole process" The purpose of this thread - was that I still feel unsure (how to do everything?) since doing the 'plan b network course getting your own bit coins . it has subchapters: like first thing 1: goes up too choose your profile ' personally - I feel because of my situation I am force to go with the 'stacker' out of the 4 and. Then 2: then there's stuff ' choosing the right type of wallet. Then 3: and setting up an inheritance plan. But -is there anything actually more I need to do to start my own bit coin? Please - could as many users as possible - add any extra things I need to do? heard,

What are you going to do, when you wake up and see this?🤔

Complain when it drops to $220,000.

I’ll be like fuck discount season is over.

Brew a cup of coffee.

I’m going to need to knock one out or something first cuz I need that post nut clarity before making any decisions .

Pause my DCA for a while

sell and pay off my mortgage

I would probably sell, as this is an extremely bubble-like scenario. And then buy back in once it pops. If it never does, I still made a nice profit. I am by no means a trader but c'mon, this smells like a major correction incoming as strong as Surströmming.

Think about the drop.

Probably hit snooze.

Literally nothing

Yelling at myself in the mirror why I havent done more

Pat myself on the back and get back to work

The same thing I do everyday, Pinky

Continue being frugal and hodl the fuck out of BTC. BTC based loans with nice interest rates will only be a few years off

get pissed I didnt buy more, earlier.

Look at my watch - “ahhh, Monday.” Go back to sleep.

I would wake up my gf to tell her I was right, then go back to sleep

Be excited for 5 minutes, then go on with my day.

Sell and rebuy during the inevitable correction.

Buy more sats

Ahhh, Relai marketing 🤗

Nothing. I'll wait for 500-600k. Then for 1M usd :)

Take some profits to buy back in on a drop✌️

Nothing just keep putting $100 in every week. I'm not selling till I'm $40

Sell some cause it’ll probably come back down. That doesn’t look natural

Buy the deep

Go to work and take a shit on my bosses desk.

this not gonna happen - you need a ton of money in less then 10 orders to get spikes likes this and before you reach even 15% of the next ATH there will be a lot of sellers

literally me in 2017 dopamine be maxed out refreshing price chart every 5 minutes imagining bright future nothing seems matter anymore and then the next day wake up with depression when I saw price goes down still HODL

Not batting an eye until a can retire

By the time I notice it will be back down to 90k

Sell, buy back early 2027

Press the sell button, go back to sleep…..

Call my mom and say, pack your bags, I'm taking you to Dubai for shopping

I go to prostitutes

Go back to sleep, it was a dream. Never happens that fast. Maybe in 2030, and gradually, not a single candle.

Not gonna happen anytime soon. Maybe in the near future but gradually

Slap myself to see if I’m dreaming

Go back to sleep

batukaaaammmm

Refresh my app, check again, delete app, get a new one.

Sheet-it my pants.

Continue sleeping

wait a moment, then...... wake up

Wait for my alarm to wake me up.

mildly regret selling years ago, continue my DCA, go fix breakfast

I'll say still too early

wake up again

Same thing I do every day Pinky…

Pay off my house

Smile, then make up coffee and play some video games

I’m going to dca as I’ve been doing for the last 6 or 7 months. Wish I would have started it earlier but at least I’ve been buying in small chunks for a while now.

Go to work and stack more?🤷

other stuff

Clip 10 and buy a sea facing home in Bahamas

Seen a lot of charts, none of em look like that

Do we are assuming retail all of a sudden with get liquidity … by magic?

I’ll ask my wife, Marilyn Monroe, to get the shuttle ready. We’ll head to Mars for breakfast with Elvis.

hi this is me christopher a crypto d-gen with a crush for crypto kitties. i'm on my way to crypto land. the number one crypto destination on earth where crypto enthusiasts or crypto landers like we're called here can meet with like-minded individuals in real life, and when connie the founder told me that visionary investors could own a piece of this unique island i smash bought one of the 60 exclusive parcels on the blockchain hills. that's how i became a king cryptolander

Obviously I had just sold so now I’d panic buy the top.

Two chicks. At the same time.

Keep hodling. Maybe sell 1 or 2% and try to rebuy the dip

Shit in my pants man

Two chicks at the same time

Coke and hookers!

Relax and keep buying

Make myself a coffee.

Im hoping to see a spike the other way first so I can stack sats

0.25m. 1m, are we there yet?

Pinch myself and wake up again.

Yawn, then keep stacking!

Stack sats while they're still cheap

So you will be sleeping 5 years?

Do my morning routine; get to work; mine fiat; stack more sats.

I'm gonna take between 25% to 100% out of btc and park it in a stable coin. Reinvest when and if the price falls.

Sell a couple more and buy another supercar

Sell, cuz why wouldn’t i. This kind of price action definitely urges me to sell in order to accumulate more BTC once price turns over and sets back. and by god, you’re stupid if you believe anything different.

I'm would be happy for my BTC stack, and continue to DCA. And then I would check if my few MSTR stocks saw this as an opportunity to half in price.

See this and than wakeup

I will ask when dump?

Be looking at my calendar that says 2029

Imma wait till it gets to $1M, wait a little longer till it gets to $2M, then imma finally smile #HODL

When you were offline for 2 days and checking what happened with BTC…

Wait. Something happened? I haven’t noticed anything unusual.

1 bitcoin to invest I am considering purchasing a bitcoin. As part of additional diversification. My question is whether it is better to do it in DCA but in how long? Or in lump sum?

I DCA but if I had a bunch of cash lying around I would lump sum for sure.

If your time horizon is to never sell (which it should be), then buying it when its 110k vs 120k vs 90k wont make a big difference when it reaches 1 million, 5 million, and 10 million over the coming decades. You can buy your 1 bitcoin and sit on it, and when you are ready to deploy some of your gains, you don't sell it, you borrow against it. If you sell it you pay capital gains tax, and you miss on the future appreciation (in the millions). Don't forget what happened to the guy who bought papa johns pizza with 10,000 bitcoin. Don't be that guy. Edit: watch these 2 videos Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. Overview: [ In Depth: [

If you hesitate, it is possible that what will give you the least regrets is DCA for around 1 year. It's up to you, but here's an idea :)

DCA spreads risk over time and lump sum can work for long-term HODL.

I would lump sum as I estimate probability of significant rise on short term > significant drop

Buy 0.4 and dca 0.6 over 104 weeks

Top signals

we don't know if it sticks to the 100k line for longer, or if it jumps to 300k in a few month. If you can lump sum now, just do it.

Depends on what you want to achieve. Fire and forget a one time buy or getting the best average price over a one year period (or any other timespan). For the latter look for a dca service, that takes current market conditions into account. This will end up costing you much less than buying a static amount periodically.

50 week moving average is around $95k, so going all in now could be a mistake. If you have extra cash to buy down and then sell out when it goes back up then that could work. It could also go much lower. It could make a new ATH then go back to below $100k. DCA’ing is always the best way.

I personally would lump sump only when we are closer to the 200 week moving average. But hey, what do I know?!

Bitcoin has been “going down” good time to buy, i’d start off with a good chunk then dca if you notice its lower than usual like sub 100- then throw more chunks in

Buy after new year. Not now.

If you can buy and not care go for it, if not just set DCA and forget it.

just buy it all at once

Maybe consider putting the money in River and let it earn some bitcoin interest. Setup DCA and then auto buys at a high and low point that you are comfortable with.

Simply do not buy a lump sum at the top. Start a DCA, it can be as big and bold as you want but simply do not buy a lump sum at the top.

What is your timeframe for holding onto it?

Lum sum a certain amount… and then DCA the rest?

DCA every two weeks over a 10-month period. If it drops below 95K at any point, lump sum the remainder.

Peter Schiff needs to study more about Bitcoin🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

Schiff has studied bitcoin. He is or isn’t a holder. Schiff is Shrodingers bitcoiner.

peter schiff is the bitcoin adoption index.. Once he turns into a bitcoiner from a bitcoin hater like michael saylor, we can safely say that we achieved adoption.

ah dear old Peter. I see that last week he was predicting $75k soon. We all know what to do....

Ah yes, the man who runs a company which sells gold for Bitcoin (think about that for a second), and whose son invests in Bitcoin, is "changing his mind" on Bitcoin. Great theatre.

This book is shite

If you look at the illustration below, you'll realize that it's still not too late,👍Bitcoin👍📈🚀

Am I dumb or does this illustration make no sense at all?

Judging by this, and the timeframe of bitcoin and the adoption rate, this projection is saying it is literally too late

everyday, new pics just telling the same thing that ur not late with btc.

What the automobile did to horses, AI will do to humans.

Great, we are comparing horses to bitcoin now.

is that peter schiff photo on the bottom right? 😂

Why the sudden spike? what’s the lowest bitcoin will go in September? What number should I wait to buy before it rises in October/November?

Zoom out. No spike.

What app is that bro

Let me ask my Crystal Ball, wich all of us Bitcoiners have at home to exactly time the market perfectly. Hitting every top, calling every bottom, you know everyday stuff for us Bitcoiners. hmm... on a second note, i dont want to share this information with an outsider, so No, Sorry. If you think, just because everyone is saying that september will be bad and october/november will be good that you can make an easy buck, Bro, you are in for some good ol fucking.

Just the monday market openings.

Markets go up and down. There doesn't have to be a reason for each 0.5%-2% move.

nobody knows

It’s Monday. It’s always quiet on the weekends.

I sold to buy back lower, sorry guys

Because there was more buyers than sellers.

Undervalued. Probably $110k.

Metaplanet buying

Bullish divergences on the 4h chart on RSI indicator.

It's Monday, and 1st of a month. Savings plans get executed, so a lot of demand.

Don’t chase a price, just buy in. BTC is a long play not a get quick scheme. Though you’ll probably get rich quicker with this than fiat.

Game of Leverages.

Can we ban these kind of reoccurring posts?

I bought some BTC …. Sorry guys

We need to have some sort of rules about posts like this, I mean this is just spam at this point

Someone here sold

“What’s the lowest bitcoin will go in September? What number should I wait to buy before it rises in October/November?” Whoever knows the answers please advise. :)

the Ceo calls for short up

Obviously nobody knows for sure. But if you look at the Crypto Fear- Greed Index and it's below 50 or even better, 40, it's a good time to be buying (when in a bull market and we're in a bull market)and right now, it's around 40, so buy some! I would buy 30 to 40% of my funds here (sure beats buying at 123k) and see how September progresses. If it goes down to 100 or 90k, grab your balls or ovaries and buy the rest. It will be scary. If it goes up from here, l guess you'll be buying at 130? lol But hey, you already bought 30%, so it's not that bad. Oh no!, you got greedy and figured you can buy it all lower, so didn't buy any, so now you're fucked. Don't be that guy. All-or-nothing trading is not a good strategy for non-professionals.

Yea I have buys set up the 1st and 15th of month... spiked 2500 bc my buy didn't hit yet 🙃

more buyers than sellers. easy

El CEO de Bitcoin lo ordenó

Because I didn’t buy before closing like I was going to. Thank me (Australia)

Why did it go down past days?

Nothing to get too excited about

What makes you think the Bull Market is over? Lots of people saying that the bull market is over around. Do you believe that to be true or will the market surprise us?

A 15% correction in an historically down time of the year after hitting new ATH a couple weeks ago and (most importantly) hashrate continues to make new highs and global M2 continues to rise Uh…let me check…no

Ah, the old “many people are saying”…

It hasn’t ended in euphoria yet…the bull markets barely begun.

the bull market is over when I see 100K daily candle and 500K. otherwise calling over is total BS

In my opinion, the price of bitcoin could either go up, down, or sideways. Can I have a show on msnbc now?

I don't think it's over. Interest rate cuts and money printing are still to come.

I don’t think that at all. 🤷🏼‍♂️

when everone believes there will be no bear market?

I have no strong feelings one way or another

I just ask my magic 8 ball and if it's saying the bull run is over then it's over. Bulletproof strategy. /s

The truth is always the opposite of what "most people say "

Honestly, I think it could go either way.

it hasn't started yet. There's 2 options: either we get a speculative bubble like the last 2 cycles, then we'll hit 200k-300k by the end of this year. Before it crashes down all the way to 100k. or all the institutional investors keep smoothing down the volatility by adjusting their portfolios whenever bitcoin deviated too much from the HODL line. Then, we'll get 200k by 2028 without much ado.

I mean it is September which is one of the worst trading/crypto months of the year so if it goes down this month I'm not surprised, if it hits new ATH this month that would be surprising. What we should be ready for is uptober that's when we might have a few good runs.

All I know is that it’s throwing some big bullish divergences on the 4h chart so I’m expecting a shift in momentum.

It’ll likely hit at least one more ATH before year’s end.

Going off previous cycles the bull run will be over late this year early next year

We’ve been in a 16 years bull market. I expect decades more to come.

Nothing. This is just *bullshit* from people that never went through a whole cycle!

I kinda hope so, I feel much more confident getting myself into a bunch of leverage after a solid year of red candles than 3 years of yearly green ones.

I didn't hear no bell

Drown out the noise. Just DCA and hodl. It’s that simple. All the Bitcoin winners are wallets that went inactive and came back 10+ years later.

[because, fear and greed index at 46](

The maximum serviceable debt, created as loan deposits, for housing.

Lots of people are coping and missed the huge runs this year and last year. They're hoping for a big correction / bear market. Not going to happen right now. Sure, we'll see a bear market again but first we see 180k+ :) Cope harder please.

who said so?

If it is, that was weak as Fugg

What if it isn’t and it’s starts mooning and they fomo in bc they didn’t buy low, and then they buy a high price range only for it to drop back down to support again.

Liquidity matters. But there is no liquidity on the market. Practically, you have to sell something to buy bitcoin (the reverse, too). That´s why people are hoping for lower rates in September.

Halving + 500 days

Has Trump's policies made BTC more valuable?

Yes and no, I have always accurately predicted that the coin will either go up or down or stay flat through the course of time and I have always been right, so I predict the same thing will happen now. DCA on and stay humble. In the case of bitcoin it will most likely rise over time but there may be some dips, a few severe. Any more than that I require pay.

This happens every year

It's just the 3rd quarter selloff as usual.

The bull market didn't crash. The ai bull market maybe. Resources seem to be doing well

Keep buying. DCA

Might be an age thing, but waiting 4 years between a halving seems like nothing. If you DCA hard you can be 4-12 years out from FI maybe Even RE.

imagine fiat hitting bullish, sell fiat

the fact that core is fucking up bitcoin and no one around here seems to believe it

For any bull trend to bust it needs either a major black swan, or significant weakness in the economy (where printing fiat is also not useful) or loss of trust in the asset. If you think any one of them has happened then yes - the bull market is over. IMO - I see weakness in the 3rd one in the last month or so after Bessent said that there won't be a Bitcoin reserve - to be precise - govt wont be buying Bitcoins. Since then I haven't heard any influencers talk about state adoption or purchase of Bitcoins. This is a yellow flag that can turn into something big if we don't see any course correction soon. And I don't think there has been any black swan or major weakness in the economy right now. Its been rough 6 months in the US, and all other countries are basically recovering from their inflation period and new tarrifs, the most likely outcome in the next 12 months is the more money printing - which will fuel the next wave of asset price inflation. When you see euphoria like 2021 in the market then it will be the top and time to GTFO. Right now just ride the waves, they go up and down but overall moves you to a better place.

Not at all over at all. Trump will make sure of it

This trendline that started in 2017 and bitcoin keeps hitting it and gets rejected. I’m not a TA guy and drew this couple months ago. But so far it proved its theory. Here is the link to the image since we can’t upload pictures directly here: I would love if bitcoin breaks this line and proves it wrong.

Mentor Monday, September 01, 2025: Ask all your bitcoin questions! Ask (and answer!) away! Here are the general rules: * If you'd like to learn something, ask. * If you'd like to share knowledge, answer. * Any question about Bitcoin is fair game. And don't forget to check out /r/BitcoinBeginners You can sort by new to see the latest questions that may not be answered yet.

The fees for Coinbase are high, with either paypal or direct bank transfer. They are around 3.6%. If I DCA, the constant deposit fees of the same amount are offputting. Surely there is a better way of doing this? I'd so appreciate help!

How low do you believe bitcoin will go in the next bear market?

Daily Discussion, September 01, 2025 Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow. Please check the [previous discussion thread]( for unanswered questions.

We’re still basically crabbing around ATH.

**Historical Bitcoin prices for today, September 1st:** 2025 - $109,203 2024 - $57,325 2023 - $25,801 2022 - $20,127 2021 - $48,847 2020 - $11,970 2019 - $9,758 2018 - $7,193 2017 - $4,892 2016 - $572 2015 - $228 2014 - $477 2013 - $146 2012 - $10 2011 - $8.2 2010 - $0.10 **Additional Stats:** Bitcoin's current market cap is $2.17 trillion. Bitcoin's current block height is 912708; with the average block time for the last 7 days being 9.60 minutes and the average block size for the last 7 days being 1.54MB. Bitcoin's mining difficulty is currently 129.70 trillion; with the next difficulty adjustment anticipated on 05-Sep-2025 (within 540 blocks). The mining difficulty is currently expected to increase 5.27% to 136.53 trillion. Bitcoin's current block reward is 3.125₿, which is worth $341,258 per block. Bitcoin's average daily miners' revenue for the last 7 days is $54.18M; with the average daily miners' profitability for the last 7 days being $0.0527 per terahash per sec. The next Bitcoin halving is anticipated to happen between 26-Mar-2028 to 20-Apr-2028 (within 137,292 blocks); the block reward will fall to 1.5625₿. There are currently 23,675 reachable Bitcoin nodes. Bitcoin's average daily hashrate for the last 7 days is 972 exahashes per second. Bitcoin's average daily trading volume for the last 7 days is $64.77 billion. Bitcoin's average daily number of transactions for the last 7 days is 530,171. Bitcoin's average transaction fee for the last 7 days is 3.1 sats/VB, with the average fee's USD amount being $0.68; with the median values being 0.77 sats/VB & $0.17 respectively. There are currently 19.91M ₿ in circulation, leaving 1.09M to be mined. There are currently 3.69M ₿ held by companies, governments, DeFi, and ETFs, representing 18.51% of circulating supply. There are currently 56,517,090 nonzero Bitcoin addresses that contain 169.04M UTXOs. Bitcoin's average daily price from 18-Jul-2010 to 01-Sep-2025 is $17,825. Bitcoin's average daily price for the year 2025 is $100,950. 1 US Dollar ($) currently equals: 916 satoshis; making 1 penny equal 9.16 sats. Bitcoin's minimum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $76,271.95 on 08-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $123,344.06 on 13-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's minimum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $74,436.68 on 07-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily decrease for the year 2025 was -$8,182.68 on 03-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily increase for the year 2025 was +$8,216.44 on 02-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's all-time high (intraday) was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin is down 12.26% from the ATH. Bitcoin has reached an all-time high 9 days in 2025. It has been 18 days since the last ATH.

I’m glad to still be alive on this journey

Miniscript implementation on Nunchuk is pretty slick

September's finally here. The prelude to my favorite season: autumn

Bitcoin tends to go down in September. Wake me up when September ends.

Up 2% already, thank you.

Many are expecting down/crab September and up for October/November. Seems like a dangerous game to try timing

Is this just part of the “cycle”?

Why is this *we will see what the fed decision is* happening all the time? Is this gonna be the last announcement

Let's Crack Open the 5 Million Lost Bitcoins Together!

Is Bitcoin the lifeboat?

No it's a rocket.

Bitcoin is the ship rescuing the lifeboats

Bitcoin is the iceberg.

Yup, and just like the titanic’s, there aren’t enough of them.

A rocket boat.

Why is it stuck at 108?

You got "Bitcoin" and "Is" the wrong way round

And 21 million seat.🤣

I just heard/saw this reference on playable character podcast today 😂

Bitcoin is the lifeboat, the Carpathia is the bull run, and Jack not getting a spot on that door is people not buying last cycle. Rose keeping that necklace until the end because she never sold. But then she threw the necklace away because she forgot her keys when she got old.

Hedge with biti

Bitcoin is the water

Kinda worried about the quantum technology though

Better question will there be enoug seats on that BTC lifeboat when everyone realizes the ship is sinking? 👀

Bitcoin will take over the world, I won't stop saying it

Yes. The funniest video of Andreas Antonopoulos explaining it, called "Currency Wars II": [

Bitcoin’s like a submarine that’s suddenly gotta turn into a rocket and lift the whole Titanic to the moon.

Yes & there’s only 21 million lifeboats !

Toyota stock is the lifeboat and rocket.

Bitcoin is the land. It's got strong foundation unlike other things masquerading as hard money.

Don’t be Jack

I'll be convinced when it stops correlating with Nasdaq.

This is exactly how I ( use to) explain bitcoin to friends and family.

Bitcoin is the next Symphony of the Seas which will absolutely dwarf the titanic on the ocean and cones with all the modern safety features including enough liferafts for everyone on board incase anything happens.

The life boat are stable coins to try and save fiat

Stay Up To Date With The DB! All your latest crypto news and more.

Any thoughts on StackitAI ? Co-Founder is Miguel Sanchez [ Presentation he shares [ Website says join the waitlist [ And the presentation says he's helped users manage 10M Was going to schedule a call with him but surprised I see nothing on reddit about the service

Not a brokerage so they can just disappear with the money. They have no legal obligation since it's not insured. Guarantee they rehypothicate your assets and will oops bankrupt and everyone loses all their money. If you want to borrow against your stack go ETFs and a standard brokerage. Everything else is going to part you with your money because it isn't regulated therefore they will oops all the money

Not your keys ...

What makes more sense? I’m a 26 year old Australian with a mortgage single owner with basically all of my savings in my offset account. I’m unsure how it works in other countries. But basically an offset account essentially allows us to store money in the mortgage account and only charges interest on the money we owe on the mortgage, therefore a very safe long term investment based on your interest rate. I’m considering moving some money from that offset account into bitcoin, then DCAing from that point on. Obviously bitcoin is volatile and there will be a halving soon, but does this seem like a reasonable investment at this point? I just feel like it’s too risky to miss the boat on bitcoin

Aussie here. Same situation 4 years ago, I took all of the mortgage offset and moved it to Bitcoin. Got kicked in the face the first year with -45% and the bought more. I then saw +57%, + 98% and + 79% for the next 3 years, with the 4 year average return at 33%. In the mortgage it would have been a 5% return(interest saving). Based on my entry Bitcoin gave me 28% more than my mortgage offset.

Well rates are predicted to decrease in Australia, which is already happening but may or may not continue to happen. The lower the interest rate the more sense it makes to invest elsewhere. But, the counter side is how big is your mortgage? How much is your mortgage offset saving you per month and can you stomach moving this to btc and potentially experiencing a 40% down turn. I still think the risk reward ratio is in btc favour. Historically anyway.

Aussie here. Been buying lump sums and DCA since early 21. Up by heaps % even though I nearly bought the top of the previous cycle. Still DCA now every week.

"there will be a halving soon" .. bro you drunk?

Hello, fellow Australian here, have mostly emptied offset into bitcoin and also set up SMSF to buy more. I would recommend actually listening to some btc podcasts and such to understand what you hold, and understand the reality of the global financial system. Yes, its worth buying, and at any price. But if you don't understand why, you'll panic sell when your holdings crater by 50%. DCA in and let your allocation match your conviction

Gday mate, Proof of Sheila here, welcome! My advice is to start small, say $100 a month. Then your brain kind of flips a switch and you will find yourself to be more invested into learning even more about BTC. I remember the first time I bought BTC in ‘21, I thought I was way too late and bought too high. Now I look back and I wish I bought more. Good luck!

I have no idea about your mortgage account thing, but yes, don't miss it, you have around than 9 years left. If every millionaire in Aus bought 1, there wouldn't be enough. End of Story, everything just noise.

Does this make sense as a beginner starting up So I’m a beginner and I’m trying to get in on btc at the price this week, I believe it will go up soon hence. Is the trades I’m about to do correct or wrong. Feel free to say what ever

Your stop loss will trigger immediately upon entry, I recommend removing it completely and exit when you want manually.

Don't use stop loss or take profit.

Just buy and hold. Gambling is for suckers.

Post only - enable it, it’ll make you ‘a maker’ and lower the fees when buying someone corrects me if I’m wrong

Remove limit stops for buy and sell. If you buy Bitcoin, you will want to hold for at least 4 years, if not 4 decades. There will be lots of volatility.

Every little bit counts.

Planning the exit before purchase means you dont understand the whole point

Your stop loss price should be below your actual position. You set it after you purchased, depends on whether you want to realise loss or sit out the dip.

That's a great price! Who do you go through to get a decent spread?

Since you are a beginner stay away from P&L and focus on DCA, I recommend you to use an exchange that lets you use spot trading to lower the fees and set limit orders at your desired price without dealing with price slippage.

Just buy and hold. Trading can seem relatively simple but it is not. It's extremlikely you will lose bitcoin. Sure you may come up a few times or you may drown immediately. They more you play the more likely you are to lose. Take a look at the chart zoomed in on the early days and see the large prices movements. Zoom out to now and you can barley even tell whats a pump and whats a dump it's so frigging tiny. Today's price movements will be the same in the future.

The price will be greater 4 years from now and as a beginner that’s all that matters

I suggest buying nice round numbers of BTC. Instead of buying $1,000 worth of BTC, I suggest 0.009 or 0.01 BTC. If you go to sell in the future, it’s much easier to sell in similar whole increments vs. having to account for partial trades when it comes to tax reporting

what platform are you using?

Is 1BTC truly enough in 20 years? Do you all think just 1BTC is truly enough to retire and life well in say 15-20 years? I know nobody can predict the future but what if it isn’t? What if it just tops out at 1M and people who thought 1BTC was enough, isn’t?

It can be $1-10m in 10-20 years nobody knows. You can’t plan your whole life around 1 bitcoin.

Depends on cost of hookers and coke. The fluctuations in those prices levels will inform whether 1BTC really means anything in 15-20 years…

Depends. Are you willing to sleep in the Lambo?

In 20 years ill be an old man so it wont matter

I dropped all my disposable income on one BTC 5 years ago before kids. Right now it is 1/10th of our portfolio sitting in a ledger. In 20 years I can see that one BTC it overtaking to a 1/3rd. I think it will be significant at this trajectory, but everything will be a lot more expensive (think x2-x2.5 today's prices for essentials). People have a hard time paying for a 1MM SFH in an US metro area. Now imagine needing to pay 2-2.5M. That's how BTC will be like, expensive by USD terms. By then there may be a new form of asset people will want too. Just DCA what you can afford, as you would S&P 500

I think $3M for 1 BTC in 15-20 years isn't unreasonable. Will that be enough to retire on by then? It's all speculation though. Can't predict the future.

Just stop already with this question. If you believe, buy what you can. What you can accumulate will be great for you if you/we are right. Don’t count on this as a single retirement account, that ship has sailed for most people. It will be great supplemental income, though (if you/we are right).

After 16 years a nice house is 4-6 BTC where I live. 20 years from now, what do you think a house will cost? Extrapolate from that if 1BTC is "enough".

There is no terminal price and there is no timeline. If you believe in the thesis of Bitcoin, you save your earned fiat in Bitcoin, and you wind up with more purchasing power than if you had saved in fiat. To believe that once you acquire one Bitcoin you will simply be able to retire and you can stop saving is entirely gambling your retirement on a hope that the time line works out, and nothing happens to derail Bitcoins trajectory, even temporarily.

Hope for it. Don't bet on it.

in 20 years everything will be different. there's no way to tell. i would bet probably not.

Depends if we're in a Bear market or a Bull market, when you decide to retire in 15-20 years.

Might not be. Probably won’t. But it’s a sensible part of a broader portfolio.

It'll be enough in 10 mate. Unless you are fixated on something lavish.

Post in the beginners sub. Supply can't be changed. It can't "top out".

Wholecoiner is nice but don't stop there. You're gonna need 6.15 for riches and big titty bitches.

Commodity prices tend to track the cost of production. Assuming Bitcoin mining consumes the same proportion of global energy production in 10-20 years, the cost to produce 1 BTC will likely be more than $1 million USD (in 2025-dollars). In fact, it could be several million USD. The price of 1 BTC could easily get into the millions in 10-20 years if many large-cap companies, G20 sovereigns, multi-national institutions, etc. as well as 1-2 billion people use Bitcoin as a long-term store-of-value asset in their portfolios and treasuries. 95% of Bitcoin is already mined, and only 5% of people own Bitcoin. Less than 1% of businesses own Bitcoin. So, it really depends on how well the current HODLers HODL. If we all refuse to sell even a little bit, not until the price gets into the millions, then it’s *very* easy for the price to be continually bid up ⬆️, with volatility, into the millions. At that point, for it to continue to extend into the 10s of millions, I think Bitcoin will really need to become a significant medium of exchange in international trade. E.g. oil trade between countries, settled in BTC. That means banks will have to start using the Bitcoin protocol in order to settle these trades on behalf of their clients. Fortunately, we’re already seeing the regulations being passed that will allow the banks to start using the Bitcoin protocol in earnest.

No one knows. That's why it's good to invest traditionally as well. People have very reliably retired on index fund investments for decades now.

Of course it’ll be enough to retire. Saylor’s prediction is $21 million in 20 years. Can you retire on $21 million?

I'm shooting for, and will be happy with 3.

in 20 years, BTC will be in 10's of millions per coin. 1 BTC is more than 1 hour of new supply by then.

Depends on your expenses. You can already retire on 1 BTC in most of the world. Assuming that BTC will gain at least 1% (+inflation) per month on average forever. 1% of $100k is $1k per month, which is about twice the global median income. Saylor thinks BTC will gain on average 2% per month forever, which would give you $2k/month, an average income in Europe.

What you can afford to invest / lose is enough

I think it will be enough to live a good life, but that’s no reason to stop stacking.

>Do you all think just 1BTC is truly enough to retire and life well in say 15-20 years? >I know nobody can predict the future... I like it when people answer their own questions

Yeah dude, cuz an 8 ball where I live for good quality runs about 300, and u can share half with a good hoe but she still wants to leave with at least 100! So Probably need 3 or 4 btc I'd say

Who knows what it’ll be like. Just like the stock market, who knows what’ll happen tomorrow let alone 20 years. Just invest and diversify your portfolio to be best prepared

It will be 100 M if half of global wealth shifts to btc. Not impossible. 10M is very much possible.

Could easily be enough.

AGI/ASI may disrupt bitcoin in that timeline.

Better get two then

In 20 years easily. If you threw $100k into Bitcoin 10 years ago, you would hold around 400 BTC which is likely enough to retire. With Bitcoin just starting to take over financial markets and ETFs starting to mature, governments preparing strategic reserves and companies acquiring for their reserves, I am pretty confident that the next 20 years will come close to the last 10 in terms of growth.

Denominating in $ might not be the right way of thinking, because what do you think is the buying power of 1M in ten years with an inflation like this?

No one knows what any of this "stuff" will do. Stocks. BTC. Gold. Fake money printed on paper (aka the dollar bill). No. One. Knows. It could be. It also very well might not be. Another part of this is what "retire and live well" means. Retire where? Already own a home and have no debt? Are you fine spending most evenings relaxing at home? Expensive food / vacations / hobbies? New cars?

It be 10 x in twenty years so yes if you have one bitcoin now you would have one million in twenty years time. The best thing to do is buy in a bear market and sell in a bull market rinse and repeat.

Def won't be enough to retire on that far from now. Are you 100% allocated to BTC? I would also invest 50% at least into S&P or whatever, AAPL,GOOG,AMZN, TSLA etc just to diversify. I'm only at .25 BTC but still DCA $100 a week

You can “what if” till the cows come home “But what if they don’t come home?” These naval-gazing questions are vacuous at best

Who knows. I would just get 5 btc to be sure.

absolutely

How often will this question be asked. Sounds like strange bot.

I believe in BTC as much as the next person here but honestly some of you are just straight delusional thinking BTC is going to be anywhere near $10m in the next 10 to 20 years...

It all depends on fake money printing, they money will flow towards real state, gold, silver, btc, art, companies. Just everything you can imagine. Inflation will keep existing. Is the price that we need to pay for living in a broken system.

Honestly if it is between 1-20MM I’ll be happy.

The question is: How much money do I need to save for future enjoyment and retirement, AND how do I get there? The answer is different for everyone. 1 btc in 20 years is a safe bet, along with stocks and metals.

I feel that's the wrong way to look it. Irrespective of weather a 1M BTC is enough or not in 20 yesrs, I would rather have 1 BTC then rather than not have it.

Being honest here we fucked up now we’re catching up. That’s what happens when people don’t share secrets but hey.

Sure. The dollar will be a complete shitcoin by then and you'll probably need like $100 to buy a loaf of bread.

Don’t know if I have another 20years in me lol

no 1 bitcoin is not enough

1 mill in the future will buy u 1 house 10 mill will buy u 2 houses 100mill usd would be worthless assuming money printing and inflation

In that timeframe, quantum computers could solve the entire blockchain and drain everyone's wallets.

21 year plan according to Michael Saylor - will be around $40 million per BTC

Whatever currency you Save in, if your lifestyle is shit, its all gonna be gone in a minute.

Probably not. To be safe you should get minimum 10 coins

no one knows. Everyone is just hoping here. I'm betting in the apocalipse. I'm not sure Bitcoin survives without electricity.

Even if it hits 1 million in 20 years… wouldnt inflation compensate that? I mean wouldnt that be less as compared to economy of future?

Only 800k people in the world own one bitcoin. It's a rare club. There's approximately 900k people in USA with $10m. You can see from this comparison where you will stand in the new economy.

Probably. I wouldn't trade it all for fiat. As I needed money, I would sell some. Hopefully, Bitcoin will keep going up enough that I would only have to sell half or less.

Dude complex modern civilization won’t exist on a large scale in 20 years. It won’t matter !!

Yes it likely will be, but if you have 20 years why don't you just keep stacking for at least the next 10 anyway?

You people are nuts 😂😂😂. Just sell when it makes sense to you, some of your guys would rather die dirt poor than to sell one of these. You are making the whales rich...

Who knows? Could be $0. Could be $1m. Could even be $10m.

I dunno if it’ll be enough but it’ll have to be cause that’s what I got 🤷‍♂️

Y'all are delusional. If you understand how money works, you'll realize that neither gold nor bitcoin is going to give you the riches you are looking for. It is deal-making and power that give you riches. The rest is holding dead weight. In 10 years from now, bitcoin will hover around 600k. However, everything will be six times as expensive as now. In other words, the 1% took everything they could, leaving you with your bitcoin about neutral and everyone behind.

Many better opportunities out there IMHO. Bitcoin made lots of money for mass amount of people. Buying in high is never the best option for me

You can borough and use BTC as collateral without selling. Debt is tax deductible, so imo with 1m value you can easily borough 100k, and have fun. Then you have an average increase of BTC lets say 15% yearly, so interest and payback is secure. I see this only in the US coming up for now, but i think the rest of the world will follow pretty soon.

I wondered the same and my goal was 1 whole btc in 2017. I don't have goal anymore, I just hoard as much BTC as I can, no matter the price. You should only regret once, with bitcoin.

It may not matter because if Agenda 2030 is allowed to happen, the government and those above them won’t allow us to access it. Think about it. It’s digital currency and they can shut off access to anything they want for control. You think they’ll allow us to have Bitcoin when they have CBDC? lol

It’s went up from 17 to 65 to 120k over 8 years. Of it 10x’s in 8 more years it’s 1mm if it 10x’s again it’s 10mm. There you go.

you need at least 5 bitcoins to retire in 5 years

I don’t think so. It’s an amazing start. But I think 5 BTC is the sweet spot.

$1 million in 20 years would be about like $350k today. Is that enough to retire on?

Fiat inflation is a major issue. When you retire (in say 20 years) one shopping trolley of food may cost $1500. A basic car may cost $150,000. So it's not just the price of Bitcoin that you need to factor into the equation

If you've got 20 years? Well, I honestly think HALF a Bitcoin will be enough to smoke a cigar as the world collapses all around you.

More than enough

I'll be 58 so it won't matter.

New to BTC I currently use Fidelity as my trading platform. I am going to start DCA BTC. I set up a crypto account. I’d Fidelity ok to use?

I might be wrong but I don’t think you can transfer your crypto out of Fidelity. You usually want to hold the bitcoin yourself in your own wallet at some point.

Fidelity gives you the snugly comfort blanket of being with a "real" institutional investment firm and they are one of the only ones that actually custodies bitcoin itself and doesn't just outsource the custodian work. The downside is they have been incredibly, laughably slow with features, including the most basic being the ability to withdraw bitcoin to a self-custody wallet. Their fees are also much higher than what you would get with a crypto exchange that gives you real time order book access (e.g. Kraken Pro).

At the present time, I believe you can only buy the BTC ETFs through Fidelity, not Bitcoin itself. This is fine, as far as it goes. But you will use the utility of Bitcoin. All your doing is speculation on the future value, which is (again) fine. But if you ever need to privately transact with your Bitcoin , send the funds to someone,or flee overseas to escape political upheaval (unlikely as that may be) then Fidelity and the ETFs won't help you.

I prefer to look at the yearly lows rather than the yearly highs

do this again in the next 10 years

Thanks for posting, I had forgotten to same this chart when a previous user posted like a week or two ago. Will save this one for referencing

This is the way

Interestingly, this is one way of showing that insight around holding for at least 4 years wouldn't lose money. Edit - though technically if you bougth at a peak in between bottoms, you may not clear a bottom for some time. Still a very strong idicator if combined with trends of higher highs.

I am borrowing your chart by the way .. only for academic reasons

This is at least the third week in a row this has been posted. Mods, y'all sleeping?

50k next year?

Will 2026 be like 2022?

I’m not a graph person but can someone make these lines correlate correctly relative to each other? I always see btc charts with skewed optics and it doesn’t help comprehension.

"$3,400" but "$15,4K" In English, the decimal separator should be "."

How do whales and ogs store bitcoin? I can’t imagine they use 1 cold storage wallet with a seed phrase and backup for all of their wealth. At what point is multisig or other options better?

I'm not a whale, but a 10+ year HODLer, and I'm using multisig.

Definetly multi sig, in no way they just store it using standard methode with passphrase

Not whale or OG at all, been hodling for 8 years. Used to have a 2of3 multisig setup (Ledger + Trezor + Coldcard) but have reverted back to single sig plus passphrase on Coldcard. Since I’m in control of all signing devices and not sharing the responsibility to different people, I feel that having multiple sets of seeds and devices just make it more messy and difficult to secure. A good seed backup plus a very strong passphrase has worked really well for me.

Not a whale or OG. I have been using Coldcard device. Also currently experimenting with multisig using Nunchuk with Tapsigner cards

MultiSig and PoR options are better as soon as you lose your peace of mind.

Your bitcoin isn’t “on” a device: devices just sign. The main storage styles are: Single signature (with/without passphrase) Multi-sig (X of Y) Electrum-style seed wallets (deterministic, light client) Old school Core wallet.dat files That’s the real spectrum whales/OGs use, not just “this or that hardware device.” The bitcoin network does not know or care what hardware signing device (wallet) was used.

Passphrase.

You'd be surprised - it's all over the place. Many whales have terribly weak storage setups because they created them a decade or more ago and never upgraded them as better options became available. I've seen it all firsthand, because I founded Casa and we have onboarded many whales to our geographically distributed multisig platform.

I would like to take a moment to share my experience with Bitcoin holdings, particularly regarding security and long-term storage. Although I do not consider myself an OG of Bitcoin nor oligarch, I have held my Bitcoin since September 3, 2010. This investment has been stored on a laptop, which has remained entirely offline to ensure maximum security. Remarkably, I only rediscovered this laptop four months ago while packing for a move. Given that it had been untouched for such a long time, I decided to maintain its status quo and allow it to remain securely stored. This experience has reinforced my belief in the importance of a secure, offline approach to digital asset management.

I hold not a lot, but treat it as thought it could be worth billions one day. I use a SeedSigner and have a mutisig set up. Highly recommend

He asked how whales store BTC....Not a whale either, but I assume after acquiring it from hidden road or something similar, they have "vaults"...I've heard Switzerland is starting some digital vaults like there is for Fiat. I've also read coinbase has a vault for the US govt. Hope that helps

Coinbase bought a Swiss mountain for ETFs and Saylor to keep their private keys in a filing cabinet. I wish I was joking.

anal beads.

Probably in an old shoe box or in the kitchen cupboards

What is a whale and a ogs?

wallet.dat on the desktop ofc

Multi sig with many different passphrase wallets

On paper with people you trust…. Trust is real.

Im holding all of my few bitcoins on Binance, sleeping well like a child.

Usually something loose value when more sellers than buyers, is that the reason why it is by about 15% in two weeks? How it can be more stable? Are the ETFs selling too?

Do you want stability, or trending upward gains? Up 88% for the year

It’s actually the inverse. You sell something of value at a higher price than you originally paid for it.

If more people are selling than buying, then who are they selling it to?

Just for fun

Note to self, drop some USBs at a thrift store with a PDF on it that has hidden malware.

In 10 years he'll make a video of him crying because he bought flash drives instead of $10 worth of bitcoin when it was cheap.

How about you do something useful and drop the whitepaper, "What's the problem?" vid and some other useful resources there instead?

Congratulations you are adding zero value to society

pure evil. i love it

How did you first hear about bitcoin/crypto, and what led to you buying it? .

My dude Rashard from high school put everybody on in high school in 2012. The only problem was that I was a high school student without a job. Fast forward to today I finally have a big boy job to invest my money with.

News stories about Silkroad.

First heard from an acquaintance, but I thought I didn’t have time for nerdie pursuit so ignored it. Some time later when MSM were full of negative stories about Bitcoin & money laundering, etc. not trusting MSM I felt there must be more to it for MSM to push propaganda like that so I spent time to look into Bitcoin deeper, and decided to start collecting it. Still not quite a Maxi but Bitcoin exposure does make up the majority of my net worth. It’s inevitable.

Heard about it when I was a kid, but I bought it when I started hearing Larry fink talk about it and when Jamie dimon was shittikg on it

Silk Road. When it went down a lot of bitcoin was confiscated. Not mine of course.

Honestly can't remember where I heard about it, probably 8-10 years ago along my internet browsing. But only bought some a year or two ago on an exchange, sold it, then start of this year on a streamer I frequent, a guy kept gifting 100s of free subs and I reached out to him about why and how does he have that sort of money and he simply said Bitcoin, and that I should educate myself. So since April/May of this year I've gone super orange pilled.

Rolling stone did an article on it and drugs, and dark net markets. 2009-2010

some random news pop up on the internet. But I didn't buy it. Until later I found a bot trading platform and get interested. Start some trading, meanwhile doing research.

TV news but i bought when i heard ppl my age talk about it at work

Anyone run full nodes (Bitcoin Knots) on External Hard drive? I plan to download all of the full blocks, not prune, but on my 2tb lacie external hard drives, anyone do the same? how is your experience on syncing and other? please do share and let me know, and any tips? thanks alot!

it should take as long as a regular bitcoin core node. external drives can take longer to sync though. ssd is better

Bitcoin always give us hope then take it away so fast! Bitcoin always give us hope then take it away so fast!

It all depends on what you are hoping for.

Yeah I was hoping for a 330% 2-year return and it looks like it’s only at 319%

You give up, I buy, simple.

tf is you on?

Don’t chide him too hard fellas. The rotten lettuce hands like him are what give us the high volatility + vitality. Benefits all of us set and forget DCA’ers

Post like these are the reason I end up deleting my Reddit app.

Yeah, the 1%-3% daily swings totally takes my hope away for my 2 Decade long hold. I think I might just give up.

Price isn't bitcoin. Stop worring about short term price and study the fundamentals. Once you understand how it actually works then hope will never go away.

What was taken away? I’m confused 😕

You do realize it's the USD that is moving in value, not BTC. Once you understand that dynamic for what it is... it's impossible to unsee. BTC is stability. It's price in USD is the random thing.

Bro it's been over $100K for a long time now. And it will reach much higher highs, but you have to be patient. This literally started as a random experiment on the corner of the internet. Despite that it's become one of the top 10 most valuable assets in the world by market cap in less than 20 years. There is no central control and nobody can print more. Governments and large companies are buying. Retail is a bit quiet this cycle so far, but retail has largely driven prior growth. Do you know of anything else in the world even remotely like BTC? There will always be price fluctuations in the short term. Long term, this is a pure strategic win.

Please write better

Btc dump time .

Please sell!

Looking at your history, i hope you didnt put all your savings into it, especially if you have no extra

I’m shorting the F out of it rn.

A Cunning Plan - or how you could still go from couch to wholecoiner in 2027 This one goes out to all the (mid-life) homeowners out there. Hear me out on this one. I'm in the fortunate position of having bought my first home about 15 years ago when prices were still sort of doable, and since then I have been nothing but AAA-rating in my monthly installments. Because of the constant real estate appreciation since then, this means that my family - like many other homeowner families in similar circumstances - are sitting on a fair amount of "untapped" home equity. This got me thinking - what is the point of owning something that keeps increasing in value over time (assumedly), but cannot be utilized as such... and then after a bit of head-scratching I realized that I can actually go and get a second mortgage on the current family home, and tap into the excess equity. So, here's the plan: the current mortgage is less than 40% of the (recently appraised) home value, but the family income has in the meantime grown enough to get another mortgage for an additional 25% of the (current) home value, leaving still 35% of the value as excess equity to cover for (unlikely) scenarios such as depreciation + loss of income (and investments) + a forced sale. On the further assumption that BTC is not yet done "cycling", I expect to see a bear market in 2026/2027 - which would be the perfect moment to execute this plan to get in deeper, with quite a meaningful amount, that could (in many cases) be more than 1 full BTC - which would be all shiny and ready to go for the next bull market in 2028/2029 to become quite a meaningful step towards earlier retirement. So, is the average annual gain on those BTC still going to beat the annual cost of your increased mortgage? That is up to yourself to guesstimate. But I know that I'm ready to find out how this would go. So yes - I would actually bet (a part of) the house on it. PS. Obviously not financial advice, do your own research! Be conservative in your estimates and safety margins. Borrowing money to put on risky investments might not turn out the way you hope or I project here. For the love of Bitcoin, please do not risk your current secure family life on the whim of possible financial gain. Thanks. === **EDIT**: I never thought that on a post essentially promoting increased risk on the family home for a leveraged crypto bet, **this** phrase would be the most contentious: "*On the further assumption that BTC is not yet done cycling, I expect to see a bear market in 2026/2027*". Yet, here we are. Collecting opinions on whether BTC will go supercycle this time round, just like 4 years ago.

Converting your home equity to btc is a neat idea, but I wouldn't necessarily bet on bitcoin still having a four-year cycle.

Leverage is fun. Don't have too much fun, or you will be hanging with dirty Mike and the boys.

Yah, good luck with that. What could possibly go wrong.

Leverage is like a chainsaw or a gun; it’s great for its intended purpose just don’t get on the wrong end of it.

I’ve already done something similar and still have quite a large amount of equity left. I may tap into more of it if the price takes a deep dive for a bit, but I’m also not so sure Bitcoin moving forward is going to behave as it has in the past… I think we are going to see smaller dips and smaller spikes moving forward where a the price in a bear market isn’t all that low and won’t last for all that long.

If bitcoin did what was expected, we'd be well over $200k right now in my opinion. So expecting it to drop, or expecting a typical bear market, when this "bull" has been an atypical damp squib thus far. I think your plan is sound, except for the trying to time the market thing. It might work out. Good luck.

Get a second mortgage on your house is what the OP said. Save you some time reading.

So let’s say you get 80K , and buy one BTC when it deeps to that .. and then it doubles to 160K , pay the loan + int, let’s say 90K, and have 70K profits, pay capital gains on that money of 15% so that’s 10K less to 60K… and then retire with that ?? Or what is your expected sell price ? Just remember that starting 2026, all capital gains will be reported to the IRS by the exchanges

There is a BTC correction after every halving bull run. Every single time. Last time in 2021 BTC hit $70k then dropped to $16k. It will happen again. More institutions are involved but that's how it was in 2021, everyone was so certain BTC would only go up because big money was getting involved. Then it dropped from $70k to $16k. During the previous cycle it dropped from $20k to $3k. It's not going to be different this time, there will be a crash. This time will be some major hack and then the threat of quantum computing cracking BTC wallets will be FUD everywhere. Also the stock market has started having -1% days which it hadn't for awhile. Peak will be this fall then correction next year. If you're not trying to make a quick profit then just wait. DCA of you want but learn to read a chart too.

Everything you said was on point until you said bear market dates. Not sure if you are aware of the changes in adoption with bitcoin, however there is likely too much adoption at this point, too many big players (nations and businesses) for us to hit a traditional bear market we've seen in prior cycles. I wouldn't sit on the sidelines waiting for such an event. Timing the market works for no one except for the occasional lotto winner. You need to be aggressively stacking as much as you can before its too late. What do i mean by too late? I don't know why so many people are blind to this fact, perhaps its because nobody is used to dealing with a truly finite asset. But what you need to understand is Bitcoin has 2 major "eras" throughout its 140 year halving cycle. We are currently in the first era. The first era is BEFORE the first supply shock occurs. We have already moved out of the point in bitcoin's history where Bitcoin is "Abundant". We are now in a moment in time where Bitcoin is on a downward movement in its supply on exchanges, while demand is climbing. The moment we reach the point where demand outstrips supply, we will permanently move into the 2nd and last era in the 140 year bitcoin halving schedule.. Supply shock. The 2nd era will be rife with constant supply shocks, periods of panic as people are unable to get the amounts of btc they want at the prices they want, and they give up on those prices and accept higher prices because supply is so limited. This period will be an exponential growth period for the marketcap. This era is looming, and may get here sooner than you are ready for if you FAFO (fuck around and find out). In 2036, the final 1% of btc will take the remainder of the 140 year halving schedule to mine. It will be an abrupt reduction in available supply. The truth is, we will likely hit supply shock before 2036 due to growing demand. So don't sit on the sidelines, trying to cherry pick moments to jump in the market. This isn't a stock, this is an engineered monetary asset made to be the scarcest thing on the planet (other than your time). Don't be like the 95% of people out there that will have to FAFO. Get your BTC while you can.

What kind of advice do you think you'll get here? 100% buy and hodl! Maybe ask your question in a personal finance sub.

Any Aussies moved to Portugal? My wife and the kids are planning to move for a change of pace and more favorable tax environment for our digital asset. Is there any misconceptions or hurdles that I should be aware of? Or procedures I should follow before making the move? Fortunately 3 of us have European passports, so my wife will be on a spousal visa. We aren’t planning to work as have been “retired” for 5 years, due to investing in the greatest asset ever. Any recommendations to tax specialists or specific resources would be greatly appreciated. Bitcoin Expat experiences are welcomed too. T.I.A.

You would need to talk to your accountant about CGT liabilities to the ATO, even if you intend to permanently migrate overseas. You might also have to pay land tax if you have an Aussie home that is not your principal residence.

Bitcoin is only tax free in portugal if is not your main source of income

Bitcoin: The Protocol That Rewrites Reality 🌎 People still underestimate what Bitcoin really is. It is not just “internet money,” it is a new base-layer protocol for human interaction, financially and socially. Think about how TCP/IP rebuilt communication for the internet. Bitcoin is doing the same thing for value. When money is corrupted, everything else breaks with it. Governments fund endless wars with printed fiat. Banks exploit savers and inflate away your labor. Families fall apart under financial stress. People turn to survival hustles, selling drugs, their bodies, or their time for pennies. This is not just economics, this is life. Money is the foundation of every decision, every interaction, and every trade. If the foundation is broken, so is the house we live in. Unlike fiat, which inflates forever, Bitcoin is capped at twenty-one million. Thanks to its halving schedule, over time, this means people will work harder and harder to earn less Bitcoin. What that means is every satoshi becomes more valuable because it represents more energy, more truth, and more sacrifice. Saving is finally rewarded, and inflation is no longer theft. This flips incentives on their head. In fiat, you run forever just to stay in place. In Bitcoin, you can stop, save, and build. Michael Saylor calls Bitcoin a protocol and a new form of capital, and he is right. Game theory forces everyone, from elites to peasants, to adopt it. If elites resist Bitcoin, their fiat wealth evaporates because nobody will work for dollars or euros once people realize they are worthless against hard money. If elites adopt Bitcoin, they are forced to give up assets, labor, or businesses to earn it just like the rest of us. No more money printer cheat code. For humanity, we finally get a fair system. Even the smallest holder has leverage, because every sat will be harder to get tomorrow than it is today. Either way, the rules have changed, and the playing field is even. This means that currencies like the dollar or Canadian dollar will gradually become useless. People will demand wages in Bitcoin, not fiat, otherwise the world stops because nobody will want to work for fake money. The illusion of fiat collapses, and the elites are exposed. Bitcoin does not just fix money…It fixes the way humanity interacts with truth. This transition will not be overnight. Fiat will bleed out in stages, through crises, collapses, and waves of adoption. Elites will try to co-opt Bitcoin through ETFs, regulations, and custodial products. But the code itself betrayed them, because once Bitcoin was released, nobody could ever fully control it. Bitcoin is the ultimate equalizer. It destroys the inflation treadmill, punishes parasitism, and rewards real work, real time, and real energy. It is the first time in history where even the smallest unit of money will become infinitely harder to earn as time goes on. That is why this moment is so profound. Fix the money, fix the world. It is happening whether the elites like it or not. They can join us, or watch their illusion crumble. Stack as many sats as you can, and keep your heads held high. There are promising times ahead and you are already here and a part of one of the greatest paradigm shifts that has ever been bestowed upon humanity. The birth of Bitcoin is not just the start of sound money, it is the rebirth of freedom. Peace and love to all!

You nailed it, this is way bigger than “internet money.” Bitcoin’s a game changer, like TCP/IP for value. Corrupt fiat fuels wars, breaks families, and traps us in survival mode. Bitcoin’s hard cap and halving flip that script: saving wins, inflation loses. Saylor’s right - it’s a protocol leveling the playing field. Elites can’t cheat the game anymore; they’ll have to play fair or watch fiat crumble. Stack sats, stay strong, and let’s ride this paradigm shift to freedom!

>Even the smallest holder has leverage, because every sat will be harder to get tomorrow than it is today. So actually spending it (i.e., using it as money, instead of holding it) carries a terrible cost, since every moment you can resist spending it is to your advantage. >Governments fund endless wars with printed fiat. One imagines that, upon complete bitcoin adoption, governments will simply admit that all their geopolitical objectives are unimportant.

If the US dollar was backed by gold again, what happens to Bitcoin? If the U.S. returned to the gold standard, what would that mean for bitcoin/crypto in general? Bitcoin is often called “digital gold” and seen as a hedge against money printing, but if dollars were backed by gold again, does that weaken its case? Or does crypto still stand out for being borderless, decentralized, and programmable in ways gold never can? Curious to hear if a gold-backed dollar would hurt or help crypto’s long term role. Edit: Yes, I know this is essentially impossible. This is a thought experiment.

it wont, not enough gold to back the debt anymore

It’s gonna become backed by BTC, why would you go backwards. They already planing treasury bonds that are 50/50 BTC/USD with yield 💸

Nothing…..BTC is its own thing, which is a very good thing

Nothing and I don’t think people will trust the government to back each dollar by XYZ amount of physical gold.

This would be the only thing that could stop Bitcoin. And it would have to be all the large countries of the world, not just the USA. I should say *pause* Bitcoin rather than stop. Because we all know the good backing would not last.

Obviously hurt but it's not possible.

The debt is too high to go back on gold, the dollar was taken off the gold standard so the fed could print more money than it had gold to cover. If there was enough gold to cover the current debt it would devalue gold. The scarcity of gold is what gives it its value, the limited supply of bitcoin is what give it such high value as well. If the US dollar is to be backed by anything it will likely be backed by bitcoin. In that case you will see the US government start to ramp up crypto asset forfeiture seizures for anyone they accuse of a crime. The US strategic crypto reserves are compiled of seized crypto assets.

More likely long term treasuries get partially redeemable, while stablecoins fuel debt appetite from lack of brics

That time is gone. Why any governement would limit themselves? They are just addicted to the free money that they can print without any real consequence.

Meh, no different than if BRICS backs up their currency with gold as they discussed for a while. Some countries have been buying it up and hoarding gold lately because of this But it hasn't really affected anything so far. Honestly, one major problem is that it's hard to audit the veracity of how much gold a particular claimant says they have. A government, or country or person can claim they have so much gold somewhere, and that their stuff is backed by it, but that they just refuse to transport it due to the logistical issues. They will only allow people to move it around on paper to a different person. In the end, it's still basically Fiat cuz nobody can prove anything and it's all just paper colt with ious and possibly a lot of multiple rehypothecation and leveraging and fake stuff. Bitcoin fixes this.

Won’t matter, history would just repeat. It’s not about dollar back by gold which idek if that can happen? All the dollar in existence would need to match the gold reserve. It physically can’t happen. They would have to do a digital new currency backed by gold but it would fall short because we can’t truly be sure it matches the vault. It’s not about dollar backed by bitcoin it’s about the fact that a dollar cannot ever truly be known if it’s backed 1:1 by gold. Nobody can trust the US and we cannot trust each other. It simply would never be done because why would the US chose to limit its spending and cannot be done with a dollar. I guess the question you have to ask is………do you trust the US gov? Do you trust anyone? Do you think someone who understand bitcoin wants a gold back dollar? I sure as hell don’t want it. Can you make an argument FOR a gold back dollar(it can’t actually be done since there too many dollars but theoretically) lol I can’t think of why I’d want that

Won't happen. But even if, then Bitcoin is made to remove power of money from the state. So why use government-issued money when you can use decentralized, censorship-resistant, and permissionless money that works 24/7, 365 days a year, with transfers within seconds and finality within minutes. Just my humble opinion.

Can’t happen with $37TRILLION debt. My guess is they’ll create some s#*t cyrpto and dump the debt on anyone standing. People, nations and/or corporations. The blood bath is coming no matter what. Bottom line, buy physical precious metals. Mostly AU and some junk silver.

What if a scammer promised not to scam you again?

Can they prove the backing with audits faster than I can enter a command into my node?

Never gonna happen.

It skyrocket.🚀

If the government stays honest on the ratio, BTC stabilizes

If its possible it would drop but I dont think its possible anymore

The biggest threat to Bitcoin's success is a return to sound money by the incumbent financial system.

The US isn't returning to the gold standard so there's really no reason to even go there.

I love posts that start with if. Saves a heap of reading.

12 words? Boomers freeze, Gen X sighs… tutorial mode 4ever Are we seriously expecting babyboomers and a big chunk of gen X to memorize 12-word seed phrases? I remember the generation before me freaking out when PIN codes came along. Then they got bombarded with apps asking for crazy complicated passwords. I suppose they haven’t recovered yet from that quantum leap in technology. And now finally…we are going to toss Bitcoin wallets, seed phrases, irreversible transactions at them? If paying rent requires a masterclass in crypto, is it fair to blame people for skipping it altogether? And honestly, if my grandma starts hodling, I’ll know we’re living in the future — or at least in a sci-fi movie.

Gen X'er here, and I don't think it's that complicated. Tech is just part of the modern world. In fact, I worry about younger generations having a hard time with complicated tech, because vast amounts of short-form media is affecting their ability to concentrate on more complicated tasks. Also, are most people memorizing their seed phrase? I don't think it's good practice to store your seed phrase solely to memory, because our brains are fallable.

It’s simply how people are conditioned. Unfortunately governments have conditioned people to handle money “easily” at the cost of giving up their freedom and not owning but renting the fiat value of it. If we did not give up to the governments, this 12 words question or “huge receiving addresses” would not have been a concern but a normality in day to day life which people would have been accustomed to.

You forgot there's still some that can't even use internet, google, ebanking, and so on. Simply, the new generation will be happy, the older one well it's just the matter of they want to change or not, because surely there's boomer who succesfully understood everything about this.

Serious question: Will blockchain ever be simple enough for the majority to use?

Nobody should be memorizing their seed phrase. Boomera can understand writing down 12 words and not losing them. Anyone who can drive a car can handle Bitcoin. If they are motivated enough to want to learn.

It’s morbid but the real answer is most of them won’t be alive when crypto mass adoption takes places. Boomers = born b/t 1946-1964, meaning today in 2025 Boomers are between 61 & 79 years old. Doesn’t really matter if they adopt or not, they’ll all be gone soon.

There are projects that are working on Crypto UI - it’s a topic I plan to write about. But I also happen to think it’s not that complicated.

Way to get crypto into cash i'm looking for the best company to use to get my crypto from my hardware wallet into cash and then to a bank and then close the account. what are the various companies other than coinbase which are good for this.

Depends what country you’re in for starters.

River or strike are good

Coinflip or Gemini

Helpful people in r/expats informed me that using BTC is "illegal" and "unethical" A few days ago got downvoted to oblivion for suggesting to someone in r/expats that they could use BTC as an on/off ramp for moving large sums of money overseas. An especially helpful member of the community berated me thoroughly before explaining to me like I am a small child that the use of BTC for transferring money overseas is both illegal and unethical. Thank god, now I know.... lol... you all are still soooooo very early.

It's illegal and unethical that central banks print money that they don't need to work for.

Transferring money overseas, or across the street, is what Bitcoin was made for and Bitcoin is not illegal so that argument doesn't hold water. Government entities telling you what you can do with the money you have, or have left after you paid payroll taxes and income taxes, in unethical so... They can stuff it

How dare you not tithe to the international banking cartel to use your own money in another country. The audacity!

I think its unethical that I have to pay a percentage of what I'm transferring for an overseas transfer. I can understand maybe a 5 dollar fee for all transfers

As a west-to-east immigrant myself, aka 'expat', bitcoin was a godsend. Unethical to own my own money? Ok, bootlicker.

"unethical" is just social media talk for "not illegal but I don't like it" Talk to me about laws, not your morals.

Legality has nothing to do with bitcoin. But with the jurisdiction where you live. Ethics are personal.

Wow! But legally stealing trillions of our taxes is so very legal and ethical 😂

How is transferring my own money without asking for permission “unethical”?

Link please

Yeah their brains are “illegal & unethical” 🤭 BTC is the future and it’s here to stay

House slaves hate it when someone tries to escape the plantation

Depending on source or target currency they will need a bank anyway to exchange their currency to/from USD, which you use to buy BTC. The spread of a non-USD exchange is most likely worse than than the spread of wise.

With whats going on right now, kinda wish this whole system would change already, im ready for some peace and sats.

I’ve had someone ask me what the difference between crypto and drugs was, like a genuine question, IRL. Hahaha

For many years, I used crypto to move my legally acquired funds to my home country which bypassed China’s capital controls. I was able to retire at 37 because I decided to hodle most of that money.

I can understand that governments in practice make laws about all sorts of things including money transfers. I still think sending my money to where I want is perfectly ethical. Definitions: Legal: What the government lets you do. Ethical: What you should do.

You are your own bank. The majority of the sheep still don't get this. They will continue to ask for permission to spend their own money.

then i guess they should print their own money

Illegal? Perhaps. Depends on local laws. Unethical? Never. If anything, I'd argue that an exit tax (which this would sidestep) is unethical.

It’s certainly not unethical. Legality may vary by jurisdiction.

You know its illegal to goverment that literally do something illegal themself printing money. Its just the matter of illegal to who? to goverment? classic.

Your advice is actually not the best for buying property. Many countries will check your income before giving you opportunity to make a deal. If Bitcoin is not legally supported in the country, the deal will not be allowed.

Don't see why it is unethical. but you have to be careful about the legality (based on destination country) as later you may have to explain the source of funds when you actually try to use it (e.g buying a house). That was not a good advice for general audience. So better to check legality (including any impact when you try to use the fund later). At the end, we all have lives outside the Internet (not only in the Internet echo chambers) which can cause significant negative impacts to our lives. (I have heard stories where neighbours or relatives complain to police to investigate about someone showing off wealthy lifestyle suddenly)

Unethical? Possibly, depending on how you look at it. Illegal? Probably, if you're doing it to avoid taxes. Which I'm guessing is what you're hinting at trying to do. I think the logistics of actually doing it are the problem. Buying a lot of Bitcoin at market (because no private trader is going to be willing, let alone able, to sell "huge amounts" OTC) and then trying to use the most traceable and secure public ledger in existence to then move and sell the same BTC at Market (see above) seems like a phenomenally bad idea. Absolutely zero of that is anonymous. You could use a tumbler/mixer, sure, but I have to think it's only a matter of time before the IRS catches up with you. But...you go on then, yeah?

How much is enough? I’ve been DCA’ing into Bitcoin for the last few years; I also bought into one of the ETFs with money already invested in my IRA. I have more than some, and less than others. I know people will say just keep buying but how much is enough?

It’s enough when you’re just slightly nervous about how much you have.

You could state this another way. "How much conviction is enough conviction?". If you knew Bitcoin was going to 10 million then the answer to your question is easy. Nobody can tell you what the right amount of conviction is. Personally I have higher conviction than most

When price increases faster than you can spend

Right now? I’d say 10-15 is enough for me. In 10-20 years 2-3 could be enough as well.

… never be enough

I have a number in mind that I think once I hit, I will continue to accumulate as much as possible.

Has it paid off for you?

DCA until you retire

Try to reach 0.1 first.

Maybe 10-20% of your overall portfolio? That would be my endgame. I would always value it in relation to all my other assets.

Enough money? Never

It’s just a savings tool

How long is a piece of string

0.2 is good.0.4 v good.0.6 excellent

Looking at billionaires around the world, never going to be enough. I want mine.

If you can see yourself freaking out at a potential downturn, then you know it's too much

Enough is something that you decide. And what lines up with your vision and goals. Everyone’s different, realize why Bitcoin works for you and make that the goal.

It depends on age. 1 or even .1 might be enough for a 20 year old but a 55 year old might need 6-8 b

A deeply personal question that depends on your goals, conviction and risk appetite.

However much my retirement account can hold because I can't touch it right now anyway

escape velocity is different for all of us but 10 times your annual expenses in btc seems very good to me.

If you don’t have 50 yet don’t even worry about it

Only as much as your willing to lose

If you knew that every $100 you put into bitcoin now, would be $1000 in 5 years, how much would you put in?

To quote Jim Butcher from his book Cold Days: "One can only have as much preparation as he has foresight." I feel this quote as a Bitcoiner.. I stack as much as I can.

Enough for what?

The answer is always n+1

I think having some fraction of your overall portfolio in BTC is a good idea and try to grow it together. In my opinion, around 1-30% is reasonable. There will be people for who 1-3% in BTC will be enough. Regarding absolute value: historically, you can take out roughly 4% to keep the inflationadjusted value constant. So roughly 25x of what you need on a yearly basis. You can hope btc continues to follow the powerlaw which could put it at 1million at around 2038 but I wouldn’t count on it. In this case, around 1.5btc should give you around $60k a year if put into a conventional portfolio.

How’s anyone going to know this without any knowledge of your financial lifestyle

Jade plus as temporary seed signer - no Bluetooth does anyone here have any experience with this? since I'm not a fan of the PIN/Blind Oracle system, I decided I would try to use my Jade Plus as a temporary seed signer. The only problem is I can't figure out how to get it to work without using Bluetooth. I have Sparrow on my computer with a watch only wallet. I tried to create a transaction and use QR code to get it signed, but the Jade says it doesn't like the format. I've also never been able to get Jade to connect via USB. I installed all the stuff it says to install but it never does anything. Also it seems like there's no way to created a watch only wallet with the Blockstream app, without first setting up the Jade with seed and then connecting. So not sure why has a way to export the xpub since the Jade doesn't want to play nice with Sparrow.

I've used the Jade and the Jade Plus fully air-gapped and in temporary signer mode many times with many wallets and many configurations; single sig, multisig, collaborative multisig, passphrase. I've used them with Nunchuk, Sparrow, Blockstream and BlueWallet. Never had a problem with any of them. I've always used the no Bluetooth radio firmware. Hell I've even flashed the Jade with the mining firmware and mined with it :)

Btc sessions tutorial

For the 1st generation Jade there was no-bluetooth firmware, doing know if Jade+ has the same

I'm using JadePlus as a temporary signer with Bluewallet by scanning qr codes, no issues whatsoever.

I'm not a fan either so I settled for bitbox

Alright, I’m in for 0.1 coin After 20 years of patient, disciplined, traditional investing and doing quite well, I’ve decided to dip my toes in, with BTC. I, like a lot of people my age, were skeptical, for a long time. But after hearing the last 1,000 predictions of BTCs death, only to see it grow, I can’t justify staying on the sidelines any longer. I’m not going to commit a huge amount right now. I’m not selling any traditional investment assets to convert to BTC. But I am going to DCA a portion of my expendable income as a hedge against inflation with hopes to beat the S&P over the long term. The goal over the long term is either to hold 1 coin, or 1% of my total investable assets, in the orange stuff, whichever comes first. But not so much that it hurts my family, if it goes to zero. I’m not ready to bet the farm on it. Far from it. But I bought 0.1 today.

Welcome my friend. You shouldn’t want to dive in right away. You are on the right path. DCA and you will find it will overtake your portfolio.

Welcome, now hodl and keep stacking sats.

Welcome, I was in the same position as you about 4 years ago. To begin with, I was only putting 2% of my monthly DCA contributions into Bit coin. Now, with more experience and knowledge under my belt, I have increased the % steadily, and gotten my children into the game as well.

Welcome! Prepare to have a ton of fun learning, while simultaneously preserving and growing wealth.

Congrats and welcome. As your education level grows in the subject you will see it’s a very good idea - just as a hedge - to maintain a 4-5% net assets exposure to BTC. We run the gamut from part time passionate to full degens. I venture to say most are squarely in the middle. I myself am at 15% assets held in BTC

Educate yourself. You’ll need no additional convincing.

First rule: NEVER discuss actual amounts online. Anyone reading this knows you have X amount in bitcoin now, and not to make you paranoid but it's good to not open ourselves up this way.

Neat! Welcome in.

… great start. 0.1 will get harder and harder to achieve with each halving

I like @sminston_with ‘s charts and graphs. Here’s one for DCA impact: [ Edit: fixed his Twitter handle

Now that you've dipped your toe in. You need to learn what it is you are holding. Once you learn, you tend to distance yourself from the dollar and its related assets. Some of that reason is because Bitcoin has Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 75% over the last couple years, but mostly because they come to learn about how the expansion of the money supply creates a false sense of growth in stocks, and much of the gains you appear to make, isn't growth, but inflation. But don't worry, you truly are still early compared to most of the world. The world has only has about a 4% Bitcoin adoption rate as of now, and most Companies and Nations are only just discussing their plans but haven't taken the plunge to hit the buy button yet. So you are still front running them. You are also getting involved before Bitcoin's natural supply shock occurs when demand reaches critical mass, and the supply on exchanges can't keep up, so the price grows exponentially to compensate for the demand. Since you are still in the learning phase, I will share my powerful list of videos to help you get caught up quickly. This list took seven or eight years for me to curate, because I first had to go through my own journey of learning and understanding before I could even put the list together. I promise you that by the time you finish this list of videos, you will have a strong foundation to work from concerning both how bitcoin works, but also how money works. I hope this list helps you. \--------------------- Educating yourself is the key to being calm, rational, even confident in your decision to hodl. Start Here: In all things, you have to start with understanding the problem, before the solution will even make sense, and so many in our society don't even know the problem exists. That's by design. The truth of money has been cleverly hidden in plain sight. Primer 1: The Creation of the Federal Reserve - [ Primer 2: Sound Money - [ This list covers several topics to give you a strong foundation, you should power through these videos, but most importantly, clips 1 & 3 which will help you with the primary concepts of money and bitcoin. Then Clip 4 will help with the best way to deploy your bitcoin once you have it. // -- Understanding the Problem -- \\ Clip 1 • Understanding Money: The difference between “Currency” & “Money”.. What is sound money, and why gold (and now bitcoin) fits this description (This series was originally made in 2010, before bitcoin was well known). Feel free to watch all 10 videos in the series in your spare time, but if you do anything, at least watch the 1st vid in the series. (This might be the most important video here) [ Clip 2 • Where printing money is headed: Inflation & hyper inflation - the end result of the use of Fiat currency [ // -- Understanding the Solution -- \\ Clip 3 • Understanding Bitcoin: What bitcoin is, the problem it fixes, and why its the solution [ Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. Overview: [ In Depth: [ // -- Bonus Clips -- \\ Bitcoin can change the world, because the world can’t change Bitcoin [ Short Jack Mallers Interview: [

Congrats man! I had your exact mindset in 2017…. I bought .1 and started DCAing in. Now, over the past year I have sold off almost my portfolio and bought BTC. Eventually you will, and will wish you had done it today instead of then. But that’s the beauty of it. Welcome to the winning side boss! Blessing to you and your family

I have .16, do I have generational wealth now?

What made you pull the trigger today?

Very good! Do not sell before 2028!

Congratulations! Don’t stop at 0.1 BTC. You’ll discover for yourself why.

good move, DCA’ing is the way since crypto is generally volatile with a very strong long term bullish trend

Oh, so you are why it is dipping a little right now? JK

DCA, as others have repeatedly mentioned, is typically the way to go. That said- I began buying BTC at $2500’ish in 2017 and lump summed a bunch back then. Had I not done that I would be kicking myself for the missed opportunity. Good luck out there. There is no best scenario that works for everyone. Choose your own path my friend.

Same here. I didn’t take the risk in 2010. I was going to put 10 grand, and to be honest, I regret it. Amén, I am 75k deep in bitcoin At 99I and continue to invest on a monthly basis. I never thought I would dip in the crypto world. Given the volatility, I wish I would’ve just invested a little. Trust me. Nobody at the office wanted to buy. And now I’m surrounded by millionaires in the office within the last five years of BTC. Even the old geezers jumped in.

Good start

welcome to the journey. let me guess you must be a boomer. its ok. nothing wrong with it

DCA BABBYYYY

Sounds like a solid plan.

Congrats on seeing the light! Be prepared for your 1% bitcoin allocation to inevitably grow into 50+% of your investments just by DCAing regularly

Bitcoin is not a hedge against inflation. Bitcoin is the solution to inflation.

Great thanks for the dump! lol

If 1 BTC = 1% of assets You're already a gazillioniare

Welcome to the Bitcoin club! I wish you the best of luck.

Read up on “the 4-year crypto cycle” and “the Bitcoin Halving Event”…. And also look at the All-Time chart of Bitcoin. This will make you even MORE confident in it. Also… VERY smart to just tip your toes in (with where we are at in the cycle). Keep that chunk and DCA (like you said). If (and when) Bitcoin DUMPS after this cycle… THAT is when you really start buying. Then, be prepared to HOLD IT for at least 4-5 years. Do NOT get scared of the volatility, because it does not matter in the long run!!

Congrats on your decision It does seem to be a bigger risk to not invest than to stay away. It takes stepping beyond pride and ego to make such a decision. Adoption only seems to be ever increasing, in financial institutions, countries, and states. How are you educating yourself? Some X and YouTube accounts are helping me, while others are just trash attempting to create FOMO and knee jerk emotional reactions.

You’ll be hooked soon, I used to be the same as you 5 years ago

Likewise. After being invested in traditional assets for a while, I dipped my toe in Crypto recently. Investing in a staggered manner and only from an asset allocation perspective.

Lump sum is the better way if you have patience and nerve for it. Obviously now is not the time to go all in with lump sum.

You're way ahead of the game, 10m sats is a lot of bitcoin. It sounds like we are at similar places in our lives in terms of age and family. But I wonder... why so little? At first I assumed you hadn't done much research and were only being convinced by price. There's plenty of signal there. But you've read the Bitcoin Standard and still choose to allocate such a small percentage of your net worth? I'm curious what the hold up is. If you're willing to share your overall portfolio allocation, I think you'll find that there are serious risks there. Allocating a larger percent of your portfolio to bitcoin, even just a few percent, will likely better protect your family from black swan events. Good luck to you.

I'd buy Zebec network too ticker zBcn, but that's just me, what do i know

Literally at the top of the market huh

You way overuse commas, and then dont where you're supposed to lol

Recover bitcoins from silkroad wallet Hey guys I was wondering if someone might be able to help me. I figured they were lost years ago. When the FBI seized and shut down Silk Road. And I never ordered anything off of there, but I had my Bitcoin stored there. Because I was planning on it. I guess I just got cold feet.And never pull the trigger on it. The day that Silk Road got shut down. I didn't know about it when I woke up. I checked the Bitcoin value every morning. I seen that it jumped up significantly. And I went the log on to pull them out, and silk road was shut down by the federal borough of investigations (FBI) now, I had quite a few bitcoins.I bought them.I believe maybe forty dollars apiece at the time.Is there any way I can recover them?And to be honest, if I could get them back And they told me I would have to sit in jail.I would be more than willing to do that for that kind of money. If anybody could help me out, I would appreciate it.And if I do recover them, I would happily help out whoever helps me

Nothing u can do tbh - good luck contacting the government asking for your “assets back from an illicit webpage shut down years and years ago” ; )

Those coins were auctioned off in 2015 homie. Now the government caught some ‘hacker’ with a bunch of SR coins later but good luck getting any of those.

Breakfast at Mcdonald’s is now as big as the ketchup packet. Buy Bitcoin. Shrinkflation is real. Buy Bitcoin.

Looks like it’s time to shrink the ketchup packets

stack sats not macs

Big Mac for Ants

Sometimes, when I’m really craving some greasy crap food, as a fun little brain trick for myself…. I open my DoorDash app, I type in a big fat fast food meal with everything I want, double cheeseburger, fries, soda, snack wrap, etc whatever. And I total it up. Add on the delivery fees and tip, Look at the total and take that exact amount and buy Bitcoin instead. Sometimes I round up to the nearest 10 too. Then I close the door dash app and go downstairs and make some fuckin roasted cauliflower and chicken breast. Knowing I would have thrown away that overpriced $34-40 dollars or whatever outrageous amount it is on FOOD that’s gonna make me feel awful later, makes me feel so good it’s going to an investment. And I’m investing in my body and myself. Something about seeing that total makes me not want the food at all anymore. And knowing I’m saving all those calories too is a huge bonus. Fuckin’ Great for the wallet, future, and weight. I haven’t ordered take-out or DoorDash in over 3 months and I was a HABITUAL orderer for a while there especially during the pandemic.

This is absolutely insane. How big roughly are your ketchup packets where you are? I’m thinking of the U.K. size and I’m like… it can’t be that small, can it?!

just shrink the ketchup packet, problem solved 🙃

The heart attack size is the same, though

No logo on the muffin please

How can they learn to eat if they can’t fit inside the building?

Calling anything “breakfast” from there is a stretch

Why post a screenshot of a photo instead of cropping it or posting the actual photo?

I just put a ketchup packet up to the sun. The sun is literally 1/3 the size. Mind completely blown.

Back in my day Bitcoin was a dollar. Get off my lawn!!

That's definitely the illusion of the lens closer to the ketchup packet than the McGriddle but yes serving sizes have gone down while prices have done up.

OK I will. I don't need food to survive.

McGriddles have always been this size

The problem is that McDonalds is really struggling and will bring down Bitcoin when it fails

Finally got to 45 bitcoin as of today. Was at 44.82 for months. That’s alot of McDonald’s.

Everyone wants cheap credit but points the finger at someone else when shit gets real. It’s always the central banks doing 🙈

Every excuse is valid to promote bitcoin.

It's incredible, or rather, it's as small as ketchup?.

I can remember the double double use to be the size of a BK whopper

Only 1,400 calories

And it ain't even Heinz ...

What a fucking JOKE. I don’t know how much further they can go with this shrinkflation bullshit.

okay, but also has anyone noticed the drinks are being filled completely? like there’s a solid amount of space left over every time now

Sell me this pen

Shrinkflation is a perfect example of why a fixed-supply asset like Bitcoin is so appealing; your savings can't be devalued by companies or governments. While it won't fix your small fries, it protects your purchasing power long-term.

Or buy ketchup.

r/chargeyourphone

Since McDonalds is trash food anyway, the lesser you eat the better, so this is actually positive.

That feeling when you’re willing to pay more but want the same quality and taste as before, yet you’re literally being denied that choice in favor of shrinkflation

Who eats that 💩 for breakfast? lol 😆

Stop eating this shit.

If you pay it with bitcoin it’s gonna grow on its own or what?

AND it is $5

also maybe eat actual food instead of mcdonalds crap

As someone who’s eaten that sandwich for years it’s exactly the same size it’s always been lol

Keep some fiat to buy a plug, your battery is close to 0.

Just put the fries in the bag

Prepare breakfast at home the evening before. Problem solved.

Dont eat that 💩

Damn, that’s sad.

…and prices have doubled

Can I eat bitcoin?

the jokes on you as that’s not real food. It’s all made in a lab.

Still probably 6k calories 😎

#BOYCOTTMCD

or stop eating at McDonald's? I mean.

Shrinkflation

On the plus side, eventually the economics of shrinkflation fall apart, so they cannot keep shrinking forever as efficiency per unit decreases, so eventually it will wipe away their margin completely.

i see what you did there

Reposted it to r/McDonalds See how long it lasts

Imagine the span of quality of life improvements we would experience if we completely ditched Fiat as a country.

Well, that is a Mc griddle doesn’t that stand for some kind of up charge? :-)

Watched a man drink ketchup last night at orion

It's crazy how people are always bitching but just keep buying it

It's the right size if you don't want to clog your arteries soon

20 dollars a week into bitcoin starting this week. Good or bad play?

Skipping breakfast to buy bitcoinn 🫡

Charge your battery

better eat the paper bro

A few weeks ago I got a cheeseburger from Burger King. The thing is a White Castle slider now

Gonna need money for that boss. And I ain't finding any.

You had me at ketchup.

I'm not going to take advice from a guy that can't keep his phone charged

Had to zoom in to make sure the packet was side by side. That’s wild! I can take it down in 2 bites

😆 surprised they gave you ketchup

You say buy Bitcoin. Okay …. BUT HOW?!

Reposting stuff from the mildlyinfuriating subreddit and repackaging it as a Bitcoin post 👎

With the preservatives in that crap it will still look the same and edible a year from now.

How much did you pay for that artefact of the American dream ?

I’d like an Extra Medium Mac Meal please.

The cheeseburgers are about the same size now too.

That’s capitalism for you

Corporate greed will still exist on the bitcoin standard

How many times do we need to post this?

How often do you all check the price of Bitcoin? I always see people saying to not check the price of bitcoin, but honestly I don’t get it. Why wouldn’t you want to watch the chart? That’s half the fun! I check first thing when I wake up, every few hours or so at work, at lunch, right before I clock out, when I'm eating dinner, and then before bed I always check one last time. If I wake up in the middle of the night to take a piss, I’ll take a quick look too. How often do you all check?

Around 100-200x a day. For years and years. Someone has to be on top.

Unfortunately, couple times everyday…

Brb, going to check the price again real quick

Rarely. Honestly Reddit is how I keep tabs on the approx price. Don’t really care where it is. Long road of hodl ahead.

When it goes up 200 times a day. When it goes down I forget it

Constantly, I have a widget on my lock screen that shows the current price. Every time I pickup/open my phone I look at it. The exact statistic is once every 11 minutes. (According to Apple ScreenTime, I pick up my phone ~90 times a day on average, I am awake for 960 minutes per day).

It’s on my watch face, so I literally check it like it’s the time.

I mean out curiosity I’d check it before I sit down for work. But it doesn’t really affect me knowing I’m in it for the retirement 20-25 years plan.

Bitcoin price checks me every minute.

Probably once or twice a day on average.

I check portfolio prices hourly when market is open and maybe just BTC every few hours when market is closed.

Not that I care too much, been round long time, but its part of my day as visible on my watch.

3 times a month

Infinity 🤣🤣

Once a week maybe

[/me just checking bitcoin price](

The price of Bitcoin is on my Lock Screen of my phone. So probably 20-30 times a day.

Forget it for years or youll give yourself an anxiety disorder. Thhats a day trader problems

I check several times a day, I also check for massive solar flare eruptions that can wipe out the grid and send us back to the stone age. If that or btc hits a million I am not going to work the next day.

Before a piss, after a piss, and in the toilet water reflection. Screen time currently up 950%, waiting for a dip to buy more.

Everytime I bite my lip when I’m eating a bologna sandwich

I have the ticker on the homepage of my phone

If I said every five seconds, would that sound like an exaggeration? It’s not.

May be 100 times a day, waiting for the bounce off!!

I lost count

Idk how many times but I’d say it’s impulsive

Everyday, I can’t help myself

I check when I buy, and I buy almost every other day. Nibble like 50-100 bucks

Never. No idea what the price is. I’ll check in 5 years when I sell

A few times a day. Honestly, wasn’t that much fun when it dropped from 60-something to 19-ish. I stopped looking at it then more than once a week or so. But it’s been a fun ride this year. It’s a long game. Ignore the waves and enjoy the tide.

I do same as you 😂😂

For years I used to check it multiple times a day, even though I wasn’t selling any. Nowadays I’m much more focused on work and other things in life. I’m still stacking more than I ever have before, with my daily DCA (I buy first thing in the morning - so I’m aware of the price when I buy but I don’t consciously check it anymore).

Just as much as you. For years now….

It’s on the lock screen of my phone so whenever i unlock the phone I see it

Every day, a few times per day usually.

30 times a day.

Well, to be honest. When I first got into it, hardly ever checked it. Once I started investing more and more I checked more often. Once I started doing some loans where I have liquidation prices? I can’t stop checking lol.

I have a rotating widget on my Home Screen so I see it occasionally throughout the day.

Like once every six months maybe. When I started out eight years ago, I checked all the time and it stressed me out way too much. That first crash was brutal. Now that I check it rarely, the fluctuations don’t register, only the fact that it’s increased so much in price.

Many times a day

On green days 15x On a red day 2x

About 4 times a day

honestly, hardly ever. comes across my feed quite often, but i’m looking to hold 15-20 years so not really interested in the current price.

You mean how often do I not check the price, that would be much easier

It used to be several times an hour, including during the night. Now - once every few days maybe.

Because, hold.

3-4x daily. I have it on a watch list with the stocks that I routinely trade.

More when it's going up, less so when it's going down.

I think I went a year at one point without checking

Daily at least.... I have an app on my watch face too

It’s on my watch and phone Home Screen.

Honestly I wish I could just ignore it but it’s too tempting to check! But checking it semi-often does help me to buy more during dips

I have a phone widget. Maybe every 10mins

Me too often lol

Just 4 times while writing this sentence.

A few times a day. I have a widget on my iPhone. Reason: be aware if there is a sudden drop so I can buy more

Constantly.

Few times a day checking for dips to buy

It’s on the Home Screen of my phone and the face of my watch. So… a lot. And every time it’s 1 BTC.

16 times a day

Honestly I like checking the price everyday because then I’ll be able to spot a floor and use the opportunity to buy. I like buying little bits at a time when it’s down a couple percentages.

I have widget on my home screen so I'm looking at the price every minute 😂

During bull runs once daily, but during bear markets I tend to ignore it and will notice it weekly.

Every day .

Whenever someone on here posts something along the lines of "Why is this happening?"

Feels like hourly but a few times a day. Mostly daydreaming.

During bear market, few times a year During bull market, weekly or daily

You stop checking!?!

Constantly

At lest once a day, but that’s because I made a lot of purchased recently

Coinbase widget on iPhone is handy so it’s there when I’m doing other stuff to glance at.

Once a month maybe at the worst The best ideas just to not give a shit

Well for those of us waiting on life changing money, it can cause great anxiety to keep checking it, realizing the utter wait (weight) of this can be longer than anticipated…..

When your new to It, almost every minute. Once you been here long enough , you check It once in a while . And just continue to buy .

It’s on my Apple Watch face so subconsciously I check it 100 times a day. I still only DCA every week though. And I’ll throw in a few lump sums every big correction.

When there are memes being posted here

More then we need too

I don't care anymore. I believe it will go up long term and won't sell for a few decades. What would be the point of looking?

usually when i fall for the newb in all caps on reddit screaming "WHY ARE WE CRASHING!!!!!" Other than that maybe a couple times a week

My first cycle I checked non-stop. Now I go weeks without thinking about it.

I have a couple of iphone widgets on my home screen: Fear and greed index, my top 3 watched cryptos. So basically: too many times a day 🫣

200-500 times a day.

Several times a day. Just for grins.

Only when I sleep is when my eye leaves its gaze!

All. The. Time.

Haha a few times a day, I'm guilty. I wasn't aware there was a Widget for it

I have it on the lock screen on y phone so I’m never checking but always aware.

Just something I mindlessly do and then immediately forget the price after I close the app.

3x per year

At least 100 times a day.

haven't in two weeks

You just reminded me to check.

Once or twice a day

Depends how much money you have in it. That’s what changed it for me.

You check too much for my taste. twice a day is enough. once you get to "enough" levels you want to think about money much less and actual important things more.

Never. Just set an alarm 10 years from now and thank me later. Not financial advice.

Who said it can’t happen? Magden1us27 Let’s see what closing Suptember has.

Bitcoin gonna do Bitcoin things

I don’t think anyone knows what trend we are following anymore. Unprecedented times, unprecedented anxiety.

As a closing argument let’s consider the possibility that MSTR is indeed included into the S&P this month. Still holding on to your “red” month conviction?

Bitcoin is as bitcoin does

It is going to be a very red September this year imo

Zypto Has anyone used zypto to pay bills.

Bitcoin Drip Drip Drip What do you guros think about the DRIP DRIP DRIP process in buying Bitcoin? By the way, If you don't mind sharing. What are the new booty coins you invest in today?

In before thread removed.

Forwarded this question to my guro, watch this space for answer soon.

Tracking capital gains I track my purchases, date, price bought, etc. When moving to cold storage it no longer tracks. Using different exchanges how does the government calculate the capital gains on bitcoin if you sell a tiny bit from a consolidated cold storage?

The government does not. You track it.

You say... >I track my purchases, date, price bought, etc. But then you say... > it no longer tracks The point is that YOU need to track you cost basis and sales (purchase price, purchase date, sale price and sale date). The government isn't going to track it. You need to track it regardless of where it is sitting. If it is on an exchange, you should be tracking it. If it is in cold storage, you should be tracking it.

Don't have to track for taxes if you never sell your Bitcoin.

Download the data from exchanges and upload it into Koinly.

Trying to understand how we’re supposed to track when we receive payments in crypto, etc. too.

You just need to know your cost basis. It shouldn't be that hard and you should have some record on whatever exchange you purchased on. It's your job to declare the gains and pay the appropriate taxes. If anything looks suspicious or incorrect they'll audit you and crypto is considered a priority with the IRS these days and so the chance of audit is decently high depending on the amount. The exchanges file 1099s that go to the IRS so the IRS knows what you bought it for. They just don't know where it went and what happened to it afterwards. They will subpoena records, and even look at blockchain analytics if they feel it's necessary though. So I'm not sure if this post was just innocently asking or if you're possibly trying to avoid taxes, but if you bought on a KYC exchange it's not worth the risk. Just give Uncle Sam his cut

Is DCA/buying $120 every month too low? Or good idea? Considering setting recurring costs investment of $120 every month to buy bitcoin.

If that’s what you can afford, it’s better than nothing.

Too low? There’s no such thing. Invest what you can reasonably and safely afford to invest/lose

I buy $50 every Friday.

Think of it this way… you’ll end up owning more Bitcoin than somebody will ever be capable of owning at some point in the future.

Too low for what?

Should i invest 120€ or order 20 bigmacs every month? Whats better for my future?

The key is consistency at what ever works for your income/budget. There is no "too low" amount, you'll always be stacking sats.

Poorly worded question. What percent of your disposable income are you investing? $1440 is nothing for some people and everything to others. Also, you should never ignore 401K and HYSA’s through work as excellent diversity and tax advantages.

By no means an expert. But I would say if that's what you can comfortably invest go for it. At 120 a month that adds up to 1440 a year. No one can predict future performance but YTD for BTC we're at about 16% growth, and in a 1Y frame were at 84%. Crypto is generally pretty volatile so there's large swings but if you zoom out most believe it should continue to grow, hopefully at a rate faster than the stock market. If you're DCAing you should be investing for the long run, so the swings shouldn't matter, only that you believe in the long run it will grow at a rate you feel is worth you're time and investment. Just know when you invest you should have a plan. And your plan should be tailored for a more long time approach. With crypto it there will be large swings you could see your investment swing to 60-80% or even lower. It's always a possibility you could lose everything although it's probably not likely. Only invest money you won't need anytime soon

Any amount of BTC is better than no BTC. Stack what you can, as often as you can.

It all depends of your income, I myself go with 10-20% from my income

$120/mo from Aug 201 - Aug 2025 would be $5,880 spent for a total of 0.15 bitcoin stacked with a value of $16.7k at a 184% increase.

lol man buy what you can afford.

Do what’s reasonable for you. In 2020 I wasn’t making much money and I decided to buy $25 a week. BTC was also more risky back then and I was like “eh why not”. As time went on and I began to believe more in bitcoin and increased it to $50 a week. Then $100 a week. Now $150 a week. Considering doing more but I’m investing heavily elsewhere. Point is, you can always add more later bro don’t sweat it

Nope, unless you buy at least $125 / month the Bitcoin CEO will revoke your membership

I do $20 a week. Got two kids, and a wife hodling with a single income. Whatever you can do is better than $0

DAC whatever you can afford...this is the way.

All depends on how much u make and can afford to loose for at least 4 years

Depending on where you live, your financial situation. And a lot more factors. Make it a percentage of your monthly income, say, 5%-10%. Or what ever your feel comfortable with.

If it's more than zero and more often than never it's fine.

$20 a day, but yeah whatever you can afford. Its an investment

Buy what you can

I think daily is more fun you could split that into $4/day

Totally depends on you

There is no "too low" or "too much" it's subjective and we all have different limits, but just remember what ever amount you can DCA into it, it will become more valuable than keeping it in fiat

Do some calculations pal, if it were to 100x to 10 mil a coin at a point in time (lets say 20 years), you practically had invested 29k by then (pretty low right?), if the price would stay the same at 100k, you would have 2.9 mil. Realistically it wont stay at 100k, and with the current rate of inflation you would probably have pocket change by then.

Depending on your income is a good idea.

The simple fact to set a DCA is already a win, because you will let your money work for you.

I’m good with it

How would complete strangers know what you can afford? If its $1 or $1,000,000 it doesn't matter. Invest what YOU feel comfortable investing.

To get rich or retire young? Yes it’s too low. To have a fun little savings account that lets you be excited as the price of bitcoin appreciates? Probably. Although you’ll then be disappointed you didn’t buy more.

On behalf of your future self, thank you.

As much as you can afford is the right answer. I’m currently at $25 a week until I get a job then it will be more in the $3-400 a month.

I only DCA in a bear market from now on. It be cheaper than today for 2026-2027

I have been doing Coinbase for 200 bucks a month then transfer to trezor when there is over a grand in Coinbase account. Do you all have something you like better for this type of set up?

That's how I started. I got a boost by selling some collectibles I didn't need too.

Don’t compare your stack or how much you are buying every week/month with others. Just focus on consistently stacking.

Nothings too low if it’s what you can afford. You’ll be surprised what consistency gets you in any area of life. You can always raise this amount when you can do so without spreading yourself too thin.

I buy 250-325 weekly from my ymax/qdte yield. Plan on selling those core position at end of year to lock in loss to offset taxable gains.

Divide that by 30. Is that enough daily for you?

20$ a day right now.

For someone making 10 million a year, that’s probably too low. For someone making 40k a year, that’s probably too high. No one knows what your income or expenses are. You do you.

Saving is always a good idea

Do that but $120 everyday

$8.33 a day for me. Thinking of doubling it soon.

Buy what you don’t need / Do not care about losing. Simple as that.

If you can manage to have a long enough time frame any amount is a good idea

The only amount that is too low, is $0

No amount is too little my bitcoin friend

As much as you can, pretty simple

I DCA $250 a month

As saylor says, “invest everything you CANT afford to lose.”

Buy what you can afford

I usually DCA 10 million a minute. Everyone’s different, do what’s best for you

invest only what you can afford to lose

You need to be buying $120 a day

Can we delete those dumb posts?

Unexpected Bitcoin Player: Japanese Nail Salon Targets $3-B In BTC Holdings A nail salon company in Japan has become the latest name in corporate Bitcoin buying. Convano, listed in Tokyo, has revealed plans to spend about ¥434 billion ($3 billion) to accumulate 21,000 BTC, equal to 0.1% of the total supply.

Your move, Berkshire Hathaway.

21k??? Why not 21 million

Bitcoin one day in the near future.! U not late.!

bro berkshire has only about 1 million shares.. btc has 21 million.. its about market cap. when will people finally get this. its not that hard

Imagine explaining to Warren Buffett that one Bitcoin might flip his precious BRK.A ticket someday 😂

People are saying it’s impossible but BTC’s market cap was only 227 billion dollars in December of 2017 Now it’s. 2.27 trillion! To say that BTC won’t go past the $500,000 mark by 2035-2040 is like saying Apple and Meta won’t exist by 2030

Yes, bitcoin will be $1 trillion one day.

r/bitcoin everybody

Sigh, I remember when these were under $80K.

Ohhhh... Berkshire is that once company that REFUSES to do a stock split. I think I remember my mom telling me about that when I was a child hahahaha.

Bitcoin will stall at a billion

I'm sorry, who is this post for? Do you know where you are?

Me not late!

People are delusional af. At $750k per bitcoin the market cap of bitcoin has to be around 14 trillion dollars. Which for perspective would be the current COMBINED market cap of the top 7 companies of the US....

BRK.A BRK.A MUHAMMAD JIHAD

"Should I Sell Bitcoin to Buy a Car in Retirement?" I am retired and living on Bitcoin. Should I sell 8% to buy a brand new regular car for going out, knowing that I will use it about 6 times a month? The car’s price equals 20 months of my living expenses. Is this a wise decision?

only 6 times a month? get an Uber.

6 times a month. Get a taxi or hire a car. Don’t buy new. 2-3 years old car is practically brand new

Never buy new cars, take one which is 2 years old. It will be still good and 40% less.

You shouldn't sell Bitcoin to buy a car. Ever. In 5 years it will become a 250k car, without the luxury. How do I know this? I drive a 120k chevy that was 30k when I bought it. You will regret it. I promise you.

10 year old Honda accord under 100k miles. That's where you want to be.

No If you're only looking to sell 8% of your stack collateralize it take a 10% loan out against it and just pay it back whenever you want because it's never going to even come close to the 86% threshold like on coinbase for example and that way you get the thing that you want but you also keep your Bitcoin

Quality of life > profits Get it if it makes you happy, personally I'd look for the same car second hand to save some money but its all up to you.

There’s like car rental services

Buying a brand new car is perhaps one of the worst financial decision I've personally made. I graduated. Started making money. I celebrated by buying my family (my wife) a brand new car. It was a nice but modest car. I like the car. But financially it is not a good decision. I put 5k down on a "5 year loan". 3 years into paying the loan I haven't even got my principle below what my bluebook value of the car is. Don't buy new. Buy slightly used.

Are you that bored that you need to make a post asking this? What’s gotten into people in this sub?

Take a loan keep the asset

If you only use it 6 times a month and it will cost 20 months of living expenses, then no, don’t do that lol. Didn’t typing out those numbers answer the question for you?

Nobody can answer this for you. If you're asking if it's better to have a car than bitcoin from an investment perspective, obviously it is not. Whether it's best to sell an investment for a car is a personal life decision. It's basically always a disfavorable financial decision that may or may not be a necessity depending on where one lives.

Buy Lambo. YOLO

No. Use bike

I would never buy a car by selling bitcoin, but I did buy a house by selling bitcoin. But a car just depreciates. A house appreciates.

If you don’t drive that much just Uber or rent when you need one.

Definitely no.

I wouldn’t

Retirement yes

No, get a cheap used car or hire a car.

I would probably wait till it goes back to 120. But all these people saying hold hold hold, you can't take it with you when you go. If you need the money and you hold Bitcoin and you have bills or things that you want while you're above ground and free, Yolo. I get setting your kids up and your loved ones up when you go it's nice to have something to leave, But you don't have to leave so much that you cant enjoy life. I think it's crazy when I see posts about 25-year-olds basically giving up their life to save 0.3 Bitcoin. Enjoy your life.

I’m trying to stack BTC now so in a much different place. But I just bought a 20 year old Honda with low mileage with cash and don’t regret it so far.

What happened to your old car? These things last decades with a good driver

I think it’s a good idea in retirement to treat your bitcoin like it’s part of your retirement account. Take some every month and base decisions like this on that income (even if you decide to lend yourself the next 48 payments and pay cash). If you are lucky enough to have control over which assets contribute to that income, you can shift from bitcoin when there is a big dip, and to it when it’s flying. If you are hoping to leave some to your heirs, choose to put some of that “income” into a separate wallet dedicated for that purpose. I find this viewpoint helps to keep me balanced. Otherwise retirement savings just look like a big pot waiting to be emptied.

Wise no, but if you want to get it to make you happy go for it

sure buy a car, but keep buying satoshis.

Used car in good condition?

Haz lo que quieras, mi coche vale medio Bitcoin.

Why does it have to be a new car? They lose value way too fast. Just get a decent used one

Keep the Bitcoin

Saylor would tell you it’s a 5 million dollar car. I’d tell you to lease.

Only you can decide if it’s worth it to you. I think that life is short and it’s time to start enjoying your savings.

Don’t know how you consider yourself retired on bitcoin if a car represents 8% of your holdings..

6 drives a month x 20 years = 1440 rides, over 20 years (20 years seems like a reasonable lifespan to drive a single car). 1440 ubers ($30 avg price) only costs $45k, but that’s 45k spread over 20 years. Not to mention, you don’t have to drive.

Hell no man, 8% of the stack you need to be retired ? Well.. You could go back to work and save again for a car. Or you just wait until you have to sell like 1-2% of your btc to buy a used car.

Never sell bitcoin. Ever. It’s not a stock, it’s “pristine capital”. To get value out of it, you always should borrow against it instead of sell. By selling, you cut yourself off from all future appreciation from your bitcoin, and it’s predicted to go into the tens of millions over the coming decades because it is a finite asset compared to a debasing US dollar, and because it is currently at about 4% world adoption, and expected to grow to between 80% and nearly 100% adoption over the next hundred years. How much do you think bitcoin can grow going from 4% world adoption to even 25% world adoption in your lifetime? I can tell you it’s a lot more than 100K per bitcoin. So do all the research you can about borrowing against your bitcoin, and learning how that works. Use YouTube. The name of the strategy is called “buy, borrow, die”. The strategy is used by CEOs, and the wealthy for over 100 years. I will link you to some videos to get you started on learning. 1. Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. [ 2. In depth video: [

There's no point in accumulating wealth for ever. Just do the necessary

Look for used cars at around 40k or 50k miles specifically. If there was one previous owner before, most likely it was traded in when the warranty expired, so otherwise the vehicle is solid. Look to make sure that is the case while shopping. At 100 miles a week, you will get huge bang for your buck for a decade.

This must be a troll post.

a car... ? meh. wasted money.

Buy a used car

2000 toyota camry. Get a lower mileage one. Or a similar year honda. 3 or 4k. Will last forever

Dude just buy an old Japanese car. Buying new is never a smart financial move.

Bro fuck that Cars are useless

nah don’t ever buy a brand new car just get a used reliable one

Sometimes I think I'm at least somewhat smart for buying Bitcoin, and then I see a post like this...

Sure. What ever. Just keep track how much that car cost you into the future, in Bitcoin terms. We'll keep those sats very safe.

A car that expensive (20 months living) will NOT make you happy and only boost your ego short term vs wise investing. I would be happy to give you some advice if I knew more or get you into a rental situation that would be much more cost effective. I don’t need your bitcoin just a fortunate guy who would be happy to help if you want it

Get a $5-7k beater that’s from reliable models. No need to flash stuff unless you somehow really must impress someone that doesn’t care about you like that. Or DCA out for Uber and don’t worry about things breaking down.

I suggest loaning against your bitcoin instead of selling it if you are going to purchase outright. If loaning against your bitcoin isn't your thing, then your next best option is to finance the car and sell the bitcoin for your payments. The 5% interest on the auto is much less than the 20%+ opportunity cost of selling your btc today.

Get a used car and dca your payments, don’t sell a lump sum, just what you have to and add it to your monthly living expenses. Especially considering you’re already retired and living off your stack anyways.

No bro. F’in hold out for five more years and then borrow against it to avoid taxes.

You should take a defi loan.

Buy a Tesla 3 with FSD and when robo-taxi comes to your area use the earnings to buy back.

All dependent on your situation OP. If you’re 60+ / poor health, time is not on your side… live your life op. No sense taking Bitcoin to your grave. If you’re young, spending that Bitcoin will go back to bite you but you only live once.

As long as you understand and accept what you are paying for it. BTC will most likely 10X in 10 years so for $30,000 car you are paying $300,000.

Many experts say you should aim to withdraw around 3% of your investment a year while in retirement. You're burning around 3 years of money for a car. You either need to be ok withdrawing 3% from a smaller stash for the rest of your life or live very lean for several years to catch back up. On top of that you'll also need to be ok with withdrawing from a much smaller stash (denominated in your currency) if Bitcoin goes into a crypto winter for years.

Uber Will save you big

I personally think new cars are a waste. Unless you're in some kind of social circle where you're measured by the value of your stuff, in which case I'd say find new friends.

One should never consider selling an asset that grows in value, like Bitcoin, to buy something that only depreciates, like a new car. A new car loses a significant portion of its value the moment you drive it off the lot, and continues to depreciate over time. Replacing a growing investment with a rapidly depreciating one is generally not a financially wise decision, especially if the purchase is mostly for occasional use

Im sure you answered your question while writing this

Yes buy the car if you want it. You can’t take the money with you when you die. People hold onto all this $$$ and than when they die the govt takes it, or in bitcoins case, no one takes it. Shit, buy an even better car and get solid gold rims too. Have fun

If you must buy, withdraw monthly to make the payments vs upfront.

don't do it. I did it back in 2017 with 5% of my stack. That same car I could buy today for 0.3-0.4% of my stack and the bitcoin that I spent would have been worth 7 figures. Wait until the car you want is about 1% of your stack or less for maximum value.

If it's that important, do a side grind of something.

Don’t sell your BTC

I would say if you can live off the the 92% then yes

never sell, lend it out for interest

Move enough BTC into an income generating BTC derivative to cover low interest financing on a used car Once it's paid off move back to BTC

Take the bus Unc Oaps get free bus pass anyways :)

another stupid question

ENJOY LIFE GO GET YOURSELF A NEW CAR....ESPECIALLY IF IT CAN BE PAID IN FULL

I wonder if it makes more sense to sell much smaller portions and to lease instead? Maybe a portion of the stack for a down payment, then use slivers over time to make payments? I’m not sure what would work best, you’d have to run the numbers.

Bitcoin boom spurs newly wealthy to splurge on luxury travel (Financial Times) *High end private jet and cruise companies accepting payment in cryptocurrency to tap into growth market* full article text in comments

**Bitcoin boom spurs newly wealthy to splurge on luxury travel** *High end private jet and cruise companies accepting payment in cryptocurrency to tap into growth market* [ A growing number of private jet and ultra-luxury cruise operators are taking cryptocurrency payments amid booming demand from travellers made rich by soaring bitcoin prices. “Tremendous” demand from young, wealthy customers has prompted Flexjet-owned FXAIR to accept crypto payments, Flexjet chair Kenn Ricci told the Financial Times. FXAIR charges about $80,000 for a trip from Farnborough airport, near London, to New York City. Ricci said Flexjet has had a “significant” rise in bookings in recent months from “young entrepreneurs in the bitcoin space \[who\] fly farther and want larger planes. We save them time . . . And time is the most precious luxury.” Bitcoin hit a record high of $124,000 in recent weeks, boosted by US President Donald Trump’s support for the sector and vow to make America the world’s “crypto capital”. Congress also passed landmark legislation, while Trump has appointed crypto-friendly regulators and backed several digital asset businesses. As well as token prices, shares in companies such as exchange Coinbase and stablecoin operator Circle have reached record highs. “Those who are seeing the value of their bitcoin grow rapidly are spending it on private jets or luxury hotels or luxury cruises,” said Paul Charles, chief executive of luxury travel consultancy PC Agency. “There is a younger generation that’s grown up that is desperate to travel, to not be stuck with the humdrum and the usual.” Luxury cruise company Virgin Voyages’ $120,000 annual pass can now be bought with crypto payments. Meanwhile SeaDream Yacht Club, which operates two super-luxury yachts with a crew-to-guest ratio of almost 1:1, started accepting bitcoin payments shortly after Trump began his second term. For some of the newly wealthy, luxury “is not about butlers with white gloves and golden mirrors, it is about freedom of choice”, said one person close to the yacht company. “If you want to pay in crypto we want to let you do that.” Boutique hotel groups including US-based The Kessler Collection and Hong Kong-founded The Pavilions Hotels and Resorts also accept tokens including dogecoin, litecoin and ethereum. Deep-pocketed young entrepreneurs have sparked a boom in the global luxury travel market. People aged 30 to 40 spent $28bn on luxury travel in 2023, and are projected to spend $54bn in 2028, according to a McKinsey analysis. Nick Fazioli, head of commercial aerospace and aviation at investment bank Jefferies, said the “younger crowds” do not want to “sip champagne and eat caviar”. Bitcoin and tech entrepreneurs have “infinite resources, infinite money, infinite kinds of ambitions”. “The most important thing that is in short supply for them is time,” he said. Private jets mean travellers “can be in three cities in one day and still come back to see your family at night”, Fazioli said. “Once you’ve got used to private travel it’s really hard to go back.”

This is an ad

How to invest 15k right now (near ATH) Started putting some money into BTC this year. Just recently got 15k to invest. Since the price has been near the ATH and it probably going down in 2026 I was thinking about DCAing 500€ / month (250€ every two weeks). If it dips -20% below ATH I‘ll invest another 1200€ on top of the DCA, -30% 1500€, -40% 1800€ and so on. What do you think of this strategy and what would you do differently?

You just buy and forget its that easy

Do DCA weekly or bi-weekly Buy on every monday night Thank me later

Buy with 7.5k and balance DCA.

I bought the top at 18k and 50k and 80k. I have no regrets.

It’s unlikely to be substantially below its current level at any point in 2026, IMO.

I think its cheap right now.

Mondays tend to have the lowest price of the week on average. You’d be fine with the plan you have OP. don’t overthink it and don’t listen to too many Redditers.

All in on BTC. Not that complicated and don’t make it .

Your DCA time horizon / number installments. For example if you wanna DCA 15k in a year with weekly instalments it’s 15000/52 per week.

In the short term Price may go down more, it may go up more, who knows. I would just buy it right now myself, we know for sure it’s on a discount from all time highs. If it dips more just HODL number will go up much higher than 108K eventually I personally think the cycle changed and dont see a scary bear market on the horizon anytime soon myself. It just doesn’t make any sense with so many institutional players. If you wait for the bear lows you might never get it

i think its a good idea

lol…going down!!!

Friend, every new ATH was preceded by being near ATH. You need to assess the trend, not a moment in time.

There’s no right answer. Math says it’s better to do lump sum vs DCA. Just saying

Buy, dont touch for a few years, literally cant lose

Stretching it out over the next couple of years is a pretty good idea. It is very possible we’ve seen the top for this cycle.

Don't care Fiat price

Buy shares of Crypto ETFs that pay monthly distributions like BITO. Make some money while holding. It would be smart to start loading up on Bitcoin if you think it’s going to pull back further (I do), even staking you’ll wish you had more cash if (when) it drops to $90k.

Dont invest near ath Simple as that

Your first part of post talks about DCA startegy but last part talks about timing the market, it's not too logic. Plan a yearly Budget, divide it by 26, set up your DCA, and forget about it until next year.

No one knows. I think it's going up forever. With all the corporations, states and nations buying as much as possible no matter the price we may see the next big pullback go from 500k to 225k.

How do you maintain a sufficient amount of fiat currency? Even today, it's still necessary to maintain a certain amount of fiat currency. Bills, medical expenses, and other daily necessities all require it. But I've found that as soon as I have any fiat, I'm tempted to convert it into Bitcoin, which makes it hard for me to keep a cash balance of over 3K. What's a good way to force myself to maintain a sufficient fiat reserve while still accumulating Bitcoin?

Its called budgeting man you should have an idea of how mucj to survive emergency spending incidentals all that

Basic adulting and impulse control.

You need an emergency fund. If the economy takes a shit, you lose your job and bitcoin goes through one of its massive corrections you will need a way to survive. Put 3-6 months of living expenses in a HYSA and consider it untouchable. It should be one of the first things you do once you have a sustainable income.

I’ve 1 year living expenses as cash . The rest are in stocks and btc

I don't all my bills go on one CC, I pay off every payday. Car and mortgage allotment to a separate account on autopay. Living expenses on my gemini card, paid off every payday. I have $1500 cash in my house that is never used, and leave 150 in my checking for cash only stuff. All else is invested.

By working 40 hours per week good sir

At a certain net worth emergency funds stop being a good idea. From the fiat standard book describing this cantillion mining process of fiat: >Fiat is a tiered system. Low-level users are only able to access physical paper money. Higher-level users are able to open bank accounts and secure debt, and the financially responsible ones will get into large amounts of it. For the bottom tier, which constitutes the majority of fiat users worldwide, balances are positive. But the balances of the top tier of users, who constitute the vast majority of global monetary wealth, are usually negative. Under the fiat standard, being rich does not usually mean having many fiat tokens. It rather signifies owing a lot of fiat-denominated debt, which dwarfs the amount of physical fiat and fiat in savings and checking accounts.

I'm retired early. I keep two to three years worth of living expenses in a Treasury-backed money market fund (VUSXX), and top it off once or twice a year by selling some of my non-retirement mutual funds when the markets seem to be up. This earns me about 4.5% on what I have in VUSXX, and my state doesn't tax me on those gains (unlike a HYSA). Every month I automatically transfer enough from VUSXX to my checking account to pay my bills and DCA some Bitcoin. I know how much I need to transfer each month because I've budgeted and planned for the year. Some planning and impulse control will take you far in life.

Keep 20k in savings. Then 3k in account for bills/food replenish when used. The rest for btc.

Set a **clear fiat reserve target** (e.g., 3–6 months of expenses in cash or stable savings). Keep that in a **separate account** you never touch for investing. After that reserve is secured, you can automate a fixed percentage of your income into Bitcoin (DCA). That way, you’re growing your BTC stack without risking your ability to cover daily needs

By adulting and controlling your gambling (investment) habits.

For what do you need more than 3k?

Most of my money is still fiat, then stocks and a small Amount bitcoin( cold wallet)

Selling blood and semen

I have 5 jobs so

Actually no. You can put everything into Bitcoin then take a loan with your Bitcoin as collateral as needed for fiat transactions.

A good way? Not drinking the koolaid so hard that you become pathological about it and shoot yourself in the foot pretending we live in a world that doesn't exist yet.

Six figures wire transfer(new to BTC) Hey guys, I've finally woken up and realized it's time to buy BTC. I have my portfolio in Fidelity(mostly tbills,I know...I suck), connected with chase bank. I've been researching a lot on BTC and it seems like September will be a good time to buy. Unfortunately, Fidelity has insanely high fees with their crypto service. Was looking at other apps like Coinbase,kraken, and strike but their ACH is very limited as I will be moving six figures in one go. I'd like to dump all my extra cash to BTC asap. The other option I see is wire transfer which seems to have no limit. Has anyone done large wire transfers from their bank to the aforementioned trading platforms? Any limits? How long did it take to appear on the app? Looking at previous posts here, there were some complaints about missing transfers. Just worried about that. Also, I'd like some tips on better ways to approach this. Thanks in advance!

Go to the website and find the wire option. Most big exchanges offer it.

Depending on your reasons for buying BTC you might also consider the ETF option like IBIT or FBTC. No huge spread on those like there is on fidelity’s crypto account. And you also borrow against the bitcoin ETFs just like you can with other stocks and ETFs.

I use Binance, p2p with Gold level certified dealers.

I was in a similar situation last early-December. Doing the free bank transfers to Kraken with a new account was very limiting in the dollar amount that could be moved in one week. So, I switched to wire transfers that cost $30 each. I was in full FOMO mode. I remember I was limited to 25k or 30k per day at US Bank. Unexpectedly, my first BTC cost the same back then as it does today. So all these predictions of BTC being at "x" amount by this time were nothing more than BS and smoke being blown up people's backside. Regardless, I remain committed. I'm still stacking.

Opinions on seed storage security method i’m working on I’ve hated storing seeds in the clear, so the idea in my head is using grasp to turn a simple passphrase into 128char password, using that to gpg symmetric encrypt the data (aes256), and producing the base64 and qr code, then can get that laser engraved into metal. I’ve thrown together an app to manage this for you, but the products can also be encrypted/decrypted by the cli tools.

Here we go again... People overcomplicating self-custody for no valid reason, making the safety of their mnemonics even worse in the process. Here are all the reasons why this is awful: - You're encrypting what is already random data (the mnemonic), there's nothing to gain from this. By encrypting the mnemonic with a passphrase, you now need to also store the passphrase. If the passphrase is easy to remember, it's easy to brute force, and if it's high entropy (hard to remember), you'll need to back it up somewhere, so you're really just kicking the can down the road; - Do you know for sure that the laser engraver is not caching data? Otherwise your QR code is essentially sitting there waiting to be stolen. Not a huge risk, but more risk than with just a mnemonic hand stamped on metal. Obviously much worse if the engraver is networked; - Laser engraving is not a viable way to back up mnemonics as the engraving depth is minimal and will deteriorate very quickly in a fire or with mechanical damage. This is why deep stamping is best.

Don't do it

You basically made a text to QR generator. As far as me I would probably never type my seed phrase anywhere except hardware wallets. There are key logger threats and many more threats. Seed phrase / private key should never actually be exposed/typed anywhere on a PC let anyone having png of seedphrase, sending png to printers. Lots of areas where it can be snatched. You want to leave the most minimal digital footprint

Dont reinvent SeedQR or any other such standard Bip39 storage schemes (IIRC krux was doing encrypted seedqrs but had some caveats). this is a very basic & common way to lose coins, complex schemes followed by forgetting some detail and poof its gone. you can use seedhammer or Hammer it yourself on metal plate, washer or something made of 304 steel (> 1500F melting). if you are worried about physical security then use shamir secret sharing or seedxor to split seeds and store metal backup in separate locations (imo multisig is too complex for regular folks). cryptography is a complex topic & its bet to not reinvent yourself. trust me I have even though about storing it in aperiodic tiling structures like penrose tiles or embedding in images as metadata but it gets complex and loses determinism fast. Also, chain of trust on the device doing decrypting & signing is a huge issue too. if you are planning on doing this on your desktop then forget it, if you have not heard the word 'tails' then likely your coins will get stolen from that pc (or at least do a encrypted linux virtual machine to handle secrets as to give yourself a fighting chance). Apologies if this comes out as talking down to you as thats not my intention but it really is for benefit for some random guy strolling into this thread thinking the same thing.

If you want to re-invent the wheel, at least check out Krux and the encrypted mnemonic format that it uses... And try to do the same thing... (With is also supported in my Seedsigner+Smartcard fork)

Or.... or... you can just memorize your seed phrase, and stamp the words into metal. Put the metal plate in a safe, which if anyone has anything of value they should have.

Blockchain (Bitcoin) network simulator While studying blockchain, created a simulator to understand main features of bitcoin network! [

Propose improvements and features!

Looks cool but doesn't scale on a mobile browser. Will check it out from a desktop browser when I can.

Will bitcoin survive if the internet is shut down worldwide for a week? Will bitcoin survive if the internet is shut down worldwide for a week? i want to hear your thoughts!

Most of society won’t survive if that’s the case

Yes, it would just take a week off and then carry on as usual

You'll have other shit to worry about if that happens.

This discussion is a waste of time

Define "internet shutdown".

It will survive even apocalipse or armaggedon!

How is the internet getting shutdown world wide including cell service?

It probably would lose quite a bit of value (in the short term) since people would be worried about the Internet going down again. Think of it like this, if Bitcoin fell in value when Israel and Iran were trading blows, it would definitely go down if the Internet went down, even for just a week.

we live in a society

If I had wheels, I'd be a bicycle.

Jatin bhai, kya jarurat hai aise khwab dekhne ki

The founder of world’s largest craft beer club is a Bitcoin maxi🍻

we will be seeing more this, people who believe and love bitcoin for it's value

Bitcoiners are our future leaders.

Everything will be re-structured In this new system ( a Bitcoin system) absolutely everything will be re-worked & we’ll be on an entirely different form of money in every single sector from realestate to everyday shopping. This is insane and you’ll be buying your pint of beer with your 150 sats (for example) instead of $300 because of currency debasement. Everyone will be like “oh, that’s $800… how many sats is that… oh that’s only 400 sats. Just an example… which is so funny to us now because we price everything in our own national currency.

I fully agree, but most folks do not (yet) see it this way, because most have extreme difficulty with extrapolating current affairs into near-future scenarios.

That’s probably 50-100 years from now, and if bitcoin still dominate, no new crypto or new technology replaces it. With how fast technology development nowadays, you can’t predict what will happen in 10 years.

That is too good for humanity my friend, but that is what the government does not want and the sad reality is people have been fooled enough to accept social slavery. But am happy to cheers with you that pint of beer on the same idea and thinking 💛

You are very optimistic…

It is wild It is wild to me we are talking about dips, doom and gloom while Bitcoin is over $100,000. This is my 4th cycle in bitcoin and coming here has been a long journey. I have become immune to the ups and downs, but I remember some of them vividly. I understand what emotions folks are going through when they see their dreams fizzling away as Bitcoin drops. Bitcoin has surpassed the 100k mark and there is a higher chance of it hitting 1mill, which btw is absolutely insane, than hitting 0. So folks, stack sats when people are yelling about the sky is falling and keep stacking when everything is rainbows ans unicorns. If you follow the "stack regularly and dont sell' strategi for 5-10 years, you may not be rich, but you will be hell of way better off than you are today. Enjoy your life while it last, you only have this one ❤️

if you where there when bitcoin hit ATH at $69k then went down to $16k, then any fluctuations in prices nowadays won't affect you no more.

95% of the newbs think they can time the market

People keep panicking and the institutions keep funding the panic. Then the people are sheeple and panic some more.

Funny how ppl cry doom at 100k like we’re back at 3k bear market. If you survived 69 to 16k these dips are just noise. Stack, chill, touch grass.

All-in since 2017. Got mentally abused each price swing in the past but held like a psycho and nothing affects me anymore. Hodl!

The first major dip will make or break people in this space. If you can go through your first major dip still buying, future dips mean nothing. Edit: this isn't a major dip

The solution is holding . This is a game of patience

People are taking their profit and they will be back at $200k

Historicly august is a red month we fine

To me this is the final cycle. IMO Nov-dec will be the top 130-150k. 2026 will be the bottom 60-80k After that we will see less big swings and have a super cycle. I've been in it since 2017 my original btc holdings had increased by 10x. Not the value but the actual btc amount. Best thing to do is check the charts and see what you think is the top then sell on the way up, don't wait and sell when it reaches the target. Same thing when rebuying start rebuying before it hits your bottom price. I also keep at least 20% ratio of btc or cash.

I remember the crash from $1,000 to $600. Good times

I’ll be honest I sold all my bitcoin or used them on the markets but now that I finally make enough money to save I’ve started buying. My average buy is 116k but right now at least I can get more for cheaper. Haven’t lost money unless I sell and I plan on holding for at least a decade

This is 🐜 dip lol

The reason is lots of new money went in as it was in the teens and twenties. And now are down. You don’t care because you got in early and are up. Come on man.

Time is a flat circle

The only “dip” in the market is the newb trying to time it.

It’s just about perspective. Just zoom the heck out folks!

Think it will drop more after this month's Sfp failure.

I cant predict the exact bottom. But I have a good idea where the next main support level will be. October could get a bit sketchy....Save up your money! Because the sale will start soon!

Thankfully, my mentor drilled into me really good habits, so I never worried too much about the ups and downs

I’ve only been buying it since late 2022 and my investment is nearly triple. I CANNOT FUCKING WAIT to see what happens as I hold it through another cycle (to the next Bull Run)!

Question? What is the best way to start buying crypto? Using a web based to secure like kraken or crypto coin. Or use a flash drive? Where is the best place to buy bitcoin?

Man I feel sorry for yall . Such simple minded thinking genuinely feel bad for the person that just goes with the crowd

Stack sats and dca all the way

Network having issue

"Bitcoin has surpassed the 100k mark and there is a higher chance of it hitting 1mill, which btw is absolutely insane, than hitting 0." Tell me you have no understanding of statistics, without telling me you have no understanding of statistics. There is no chance of it ever returning to zero, so of course there is a greater chance of it going to 1m.

"If you follow the "stack regularly and dont sell' strategi for 5-10 years, you may not be rich, but you will be hell of way better off than you are today." # "Past performance is not an indicator of future returns" This applies here as anywhere else, in fact more so as there is no underlying asset whatsoever. Yes, other currencies are printed and this can cause inflation, but they are still mining bitcoin everyday, and will be doing so long after we are all dead. Yes things have been great up and until today, no one knows what will happen tomorrow.

Been through a few cycles, and your stack-sats-and-hold advice is gold, OP. DCA, ignore the noise, and we’ll be better off in a few years. P.s. i think the dip is here not for long

I see more posts like this than actual panic or doom.

You say you got immune after 4 cycles. Most people I talk to are the opposite. They are tired of the downturns and rather want to exit the market to not have to suffer another -50% hit to the net worth.

I bought in March 2020, the first few days of the plan-demic. It gave me the financial freedom to purchase a home. Thank you BTC.

Very interesting youre in the 4th cycle when bitcoin is in its 3rd cycle right now lol.

Sell! Sell! Please sell! 🙏🙏🙏

Does DXY still drive Bitcoin the way it used to? I’ve been wondering how much weight the dollar index still carries for Bitcoin this cycle. Traditionally: • DXY up = liquidity out of risk assets (equities, crypto, commodities) • DXY down = more favorable for flows into risk assets That logic still works, but things feel different now compared to 2017. We’ve got spot ETFs, corporate treasuries holding BTC, and the recent halving tightening supply. So I’m curious — do you guys still watch DXY as closely as BTC itself, or do you think its influence is fading?

I think the US stock market has bigger correlation to BTC price, rather than the DXY

Yes but some interesting moments when BTC did its own thing this year

Bitcoin mining Has anyone tried to use one of those solo miners to mine btc? I was thinking if it's a bad/Good idea to get one of those and run on solar and point the hash to a mining pool like ocean?

Mining profitably as an individual is unfortunately mostly impossible today. Free electricity is not enough (And in your case you'd pay for the solar hardware, so there's some cost to it). You need wholesale/contract pricing on mining hardware and early access to new miners, only achievable with deep pockets and close relationships with manufacturers. But you can do it to support the network and incentivize manufacturers to commercialize more hardware targeted at individuals, some of which might be profitable at some point in the future.

You will have to be more specific

Any thoughts about this new airgapped wallet, ERA Wallet? I saw their videos in YouTube, and I am quite curious about the device. What are your thoughts? The device is said to be coming from Dubai (or at least their HQ?), it looks premium. I read through the specs and it has a Security Chip. It is like targetting directly against Ledger Flex.

Instead of buying something new and untested stick with tried and true. End of story.

The marketing copy describes an decent device, but the huge red flag is how they claim to be open source while there is no link to their codebase, and Googling for it reveals a Github account with just a few forked libraries, no actual project that can be compiled and flashed to the device:

You want a hardware wallet with open source and user verifiable firmware. "Looks premium" is marketing to shitcoins crowd.

Day 6 – My mining progress update Hey everyone, I’m on Day 6 of tracking my mining journey and thought I’d share today’s numbers: • Hashpower: 670 TH • Net reward: 42.93 GMT • Discount on costs: 25.79% I’m not here to sell anything, just documenting progress and learning along the way. Curious to hear your thoughts: would you prioritize compounding more hashrate or holding onto the tokens directly? Always interested in how other miners approach this.

I would hold tokens directly better.

Keep it up man, as long as you stack satoshis you win

Thanks for supporting me…

>I’m not here to sell anything Sounds like you're trying to sell this GMT garbage.

VA Guy moving 100K cash cross USA, get rat. BTC FIX THAT . Being good guy doesn’t help for any reason. Freaking 100K dont buy 2 of those pig trucks and they still can’t figure out that 100K on this inflation is not even 40K from 2008.

lol I knew it was this video before I clicked on it. Made me sick to my stomach. He did sue the dept and got it all back

Holy shit, i just watched that entire video and it legit makes me sick The dude was super respectful at all times too. He really thought being cooperative was the correct thing to do.

What will Bitcoin really look like in the next 5 years? Most people only think in terms of price targets, but the reality is that the next five years could test Bitcoin in ways we have never experienced before. Wall Street’s involvement is already reshaping the landscape. MicroStrategy, MetaPlanet, Tesla and others are stacking huge amounts of BTC. With ETFs now live, institutional accumulation could push supply into a serious squeeze if this trend continues. Price volatility will remain unavoidable. It is possible that Bitcoin climbs to levels like 500k or beyond, but just as possible that we witness brutal corrections that wipe out weak hands within days. For long term holders, zooming out will be the only way to stay sane. Nation-states may become the real game shapers. The United States has already raised the idea of a Bitcoin strategic reserve. If governments begin competing to accumulate BTC, the market impact could be massive. But the opposite scenario also exists. A geopolitical crisis or even a major war could change Bitcoin’s trajectory completely. In such moments, Bitcoin could either become the ultimate safe haven or face severe restrictions depending on government responses. Technical challenges are not going away either. Miner rewards continue to shrink every halving, and if transaction fees do not compensate, network security could be at risk. Lightning has not grown as fast as many hoped and the shadow of quantum computing still lingers as a long term threat. While digging into these themes, I found some useful breakdowns on treasury strategies and macro risks. Bitunix in particular had a well structured take on how corporate and even state level accumulation might play out under different market conditions. Not the only source of course, but it helped me think more clearly about the scenarios ahead. The next five years may be Bitcoin’s most critical test. Will it be the strongest era or the hardest trial?

I think we are WAAAY past the "hardest trial" period. It was only seen as drug dealers/money launderers currency in the past. Now governments are adopting it, buying for their reserves. BTC will only get more widely used in the future.

I live in a town in Costa Rica where many local businesses accept bitcoin. My wife and I have a small restaurant and offer a 10% discount for btc. There is a btc atm at the brewery. My local friends find it easier to settle out debts to one another by sending sats via lightning network. I feel like this is what we want for btc everywhere.

I want to see people using bitcoin transactionally way more. I believe square is working on this. For me, buying a coffee using my phone and utilizing cashapp + Bitkey for instance would be a huge leap into the normalization of bitcoin. I know it can be done now, but it needs to be super easy and accessible for “normal” people. That’s when we’ll make our next leap forward. Bitcoin simply being a store of value is only its first trick…

In the last 5y BTC did a Great Development on acceptance, this will get much further in the near Future, I expect much more use from governance side. Also this whole quantum discussion will be solved in a 2-3y period from now. Think BIP360 is offering a great answer to that, further discussions needed, but they will be done!

the thing that has always interested me about the transaction fee/mining question is that for fees to completely cover mining costs, the number of transactions, and the value of each transaction will have to go up. there's an upper limit on the number of transactions so it will likely have to come from the value. if the value goes sufficiently high, won't many many wallets be reduced to dust? edit: what i mean by this is, average transaction fee is like $1000 USD equivalent of bitcoin but you only have $500, your bitcoin is effectively trapped. no?

It’s my savings account so I am just waiting for 500k a coin even 200k a coin would make me elated

This ain’t 💩 compared to the early days, we’ve passed the great filter as it was.

2030? At the 4Y cycle low I would imagine

About 350k

>Tesla and others are stacking huge amounts of BTC As far as I know, Tesla bought back in 2021 and sold the majority near the 2022 bear bottom. Have I missed some news?

In the last 5 years.. i saw bitcoin going from barely anyone knows it to a fckn reserve currency for usa and many other big countrys. Its so crazy how fast bitcoin evolves.. etf outperforming the previous best performing etf by a factor of 10 or something.. it evolves 10x faster than the Internet.. its like my Honda S2000 with vtec. You kick the gas.. Engine goes to 6500. everyone thinks you need to shift now. But then the Vtec Kicks in yo and it goes 2x the speed to 9000 You cant compare it with anything. In the next 5 years.. hard to say.. i think it will flip gold. It will become a reserve currency for more than half of all countrys on the planet. It will be a legal tender in 20+ countrys. All of that seems unlikely now.. but 5 years ago if anyone would have said to me that we have that what we have now.. i would call that guy a dreamer. Not gonna happen. But it did happen. Its crazy. In Bitcoin we Trust. Thank god for Bitcoin.

Check out the posts here from five years ago and look at where we are at now.

Zeros and ones

its skibidi skeedadle

Daily Bitcoin meme until BTC is at $200,000 #78

But why is it in the colors of the mastercard logo?

For everything else there's MasterCard? I don't know the image you created looks strikingly like the MasterCard logo in a mirror

high quality meme right here 👍

Gold VS Bitcoin, 13 years of earnings, if you were, where would you invest?🤔

In the beginning it says if you invested $1K 2 years ago that it’d be worth $16K today. Bitcoin didn’t 16x in 2 years and a lot of the other numbers aren’t correct.

Did you buy BTC 13 years ago OP?

rotating my golds to btc. Ill keep some of my golds. But more on btc 🤝🏼

As a person who owns both, this is a bullshit comparison. Where would you invest? A person who buys a small tech stock that blows up or someone who buys google? It’s ridiculous because no one knew the small tech stock was going to outperform google but it should also be known that the risk was way higher than buying google. The real question is gold vs. bitcoin right now and honestly the risk vs. reward on gold is much better than bitcoin

Gold is a store of value, bitcoin is more of an investment

I love the way it's moronic

Stack both cuzzy

Iam in btc, however I believe silver is a strong contender and if you want to take a higher risk with bigger gains go for silver mining companies. Btc gains will slow down over time. I would start shifting a portion in nov-dec

Those are gains, not earnings.

Gold bugs unite!

Peter Shif chiming in on Gold intrinsic value - you can make spoon out of it.

Proper data: [

In thirteen years gold’s earnings have been $0 In thirteen years bitcoin’s earnings have been $0 These don’t generate revenue.

I don't remember gold or Bitcoin doubling or quadrupling (respectively) a year ago, must be my memory.

Gold had an extraordinarily good performance the last few years. If you look at the years 1981-2001 for example, Gold is far too risky and volatile to be considered a store of value.

Yeah but you dont generally just hold gold like you would with bitcoin

How to start? Hi everyone, Just looking to see if someone can teach me about how bitcoin works, functions and any tips? Any help is appreciated, would love to make a start gathering information before I go in on anything. (I promise I’m doing my research, just wanted advice and input from people who actually participate)

You buy it, then hold or s(p)end it. Under the hood, it’s like a global transaction record book that can’t be edited. A unique digital medium that can’t be copied or forged. Since we’re here why not share your research findings and which part is unclear?

Have a long term mindset and be patient. Ignore all the FUD (fear, uncertainty, doubt) but if you can’t just go to endthefud.org to continue researching. Bitcoin is a disruptive technology but the path to global monetary system will be bumpy and met with resistance

All in on Bitcoin at 23 – but no fun money. How do you guys do it? I’m 23 and pretty much all my money goes into Bitcoin, crypto, and futures trading. I still live with my parents and work a job I hate (plumber), but I barely spend anything on myself. There are things I’d love to do — get new tattoos, buy a better PC, maybe travel sometimes — but I don’t allow myself to because every euro ends up in crypto or futures. I’m curious how you guys manage this. Do you spend money on “fun” while stacking sats, or are you also fully locked into the grind? Edit: I’m currently DCA’ing into BTC every month and putting the rest into some other cryptos. On top of that, I also spend money on prop firm trading, so in the end I don’t really have anything left over each month. My plan is to sell everything in the peak of the bull run/alt season except Bitcoin, and afterwards only keep stacking BTC while focusing on prop firms. At that point I’d also like to use money from the 9-5 just to enjoy life a bit.

You have to think about having fun and not putting everything aside. Life is short, make the most of it.

OP please have some fun if you can. You have the rest of your life to make money. Your youth, on the other hand, will pass you by in a blink of an eye. Enjoy it while you can.

Stop investing in shitcoins

53yo Bitcoiner, been gaining and hodling since 2013. But, when I was in my 20's, (well before Bitcoins existed), I worked my ass off to make money for me and my family. Raised 3 kids on my own, worked 2 jobs most of the time or at least one good job and a side hustle or two. Youre young, hopefully healthy and motivated. Stay on target! Make Moves and Bank Everyday! Your future is still far ahead of you. Enjoy the time you can get out and do things you like. this is a Marathon, not a Sprint!

You need balance lol I'm only a humble 0.12 coiner so maybe I'm wrong but btc gets some money and I get some to live life. Btc is my retirement fund, but I don't wanna wait till I'm 50 to get a fkn Tattoo or go on holiday. On the same note most people are restarted and blow their money on pointless things like uber eats and other consumerism trash, you'll find if you cut out all the junk adding nothing to your life you can stack AND live a fulfilling life.

Stop buying shitcoins and doing futures trading. Use 75% of that extra money to enjoy life and put remaining 25% into more bitcoin. Easy.

You're on the right track, but maybe a little too aggressive. I prefer to pay my current self a little so as to enjoy the present moment, while the majority goes towards my future self. This "life lesson", unfortunately, is a tough one to learn, since usually learned by having someone close to you die far too early. You then realize life can be short and unexpectedly end before you had envisioned, hence the lesson to also enjoy some of your money in the present moment.

if i were you, i would focus on building a career in something i enjoy. for example, if you hate plumbing but enjoy car washing, you can make serious cash working that job. this way, you’ll have more money to stack sats and enjoy your life as well. so focus on learning a skill or getting a job you like, and scale it gradually alongside hodling bitcoin.

Keep two wallets, one cold storage and one that you can skim a bit off the top when you need cash.

OP don’t forget to live a little and enjoy life, especially at 23. Not everything has to go in. Have fun, enjoy your hobbies and stack (less) sats.

i'd just suggest you leave crypto and futures trading, before you get rekt. stay humble and stack sats. bitcoin only and in self custody is the way

I don’t agree with the people who say “have fun”. If you come from a middle class background this economy is heavily stacked against you and owning assets is the only solution. Your attitude to sacrifice while you are young is smart and commendable! You can live a normal life, but look where that’s going. No room for family, house, kids for the average person. Working till you are 75 and then hopefully just die before you run out of money I guess? The future is super bleak for people who are prioritizing tattoos over assets. I grinded my whole 20s and sure I had some fun (met a beautiful girl and got married, so I wasn’t a complete shut in). But I deprioritized big items like the fun ones you mentioned. And I turned 36 and a multi millionaire this year. My advice is to map out the *life* goals you want and when you would ease up. Understand when you will hit big goals like having a house down payment or when your retirement nest egg will be big enough to grow on its own to be retired one day. These are the points where you can actually ease up. Not some made up number but real, functional values. Next year I will buy a house in cash for my family and have enough in retirement to have my lifestyle paid by 4% SWR by the time I’m 55. That is the point I’m now truly just working to live for the moment.

You don’t need to do that. You CAN do that, but very few of us who are in a good financial position now sacrificed ALL fun money along the way, just a lot more than most. I actually do have a tiny bit of regret that I didn’t do a bit more stupid fun shit in my 20s, but I don’t regret being financially disciplined.

Do something today your future self will thank you for.

Get cheaper hobbies, like gaming, and start buying games on Steam when they're on sale, you will soon have far too many games that can possibly be played in a lifetime and you bought them all at a 75% discount.

Take out some profits when you want something. You don't need to take out much (matter of fact, don't take out much) and also, don't take out when it's down. But take out some when you're in profit and improve your life, cause this is the whole point.

All the people saying “have fun” are not financially intelligent. You’re doing the right thing investing with discipline

Get that PC since it’s a relatively cheap investment for countless hours of joy, it will keep you sane. The trips around the world can wait for 5 years but this will only happen if you don’t have a child (on your way) by then so that’s a bit more tricky. How much do you invest per month and what’s your target in 5 or 10 years money wise? Edit: no tattoos! No unnecessary car obviously, and DON’T fuck it all up with drugs! Went the last route and it’s full of false promises, cost me a lot of sats

Stop "trading" and use that money for "fun". Trading is just going to cause losses and stress when you can better sped that on something enjoyable.

Sacrifice your fun now for a better future, the more you invest the quicker you'll be out of the rat race

All in bet for BTC 🥲

Fun is overrated. Take up hot yoga. Become a 26&2 teacher. Get paid to tell flexible women to move and sweat. It's a simple life.

You gotta treat yourself as part of the stacking sats discipline

I try every day to find the balance... I'm not a spendthrift person but I like to travel, I put money aside for cryptos, PEA, life insurance and my real estate, It's up to you to decide what is more important to you in life 🤷

Stack sats, but don’t forget to stack memories too. Life is short, man. Don’t fall into the trap of copying the “all-in” grind of crypto gurus you see online. A lot of them already made their base liquidity years ago they can afford to go 100% risk-on because they’ve got millions cushioning them. You’re not in the same position yet, so burning yourself out and missing life along the way doesn’t really make sense. What I recommend for those in your situation : • Every time you buy something “fun” (tattoo, travel, new PC part, etc.), you also put the same amount into assets. • On top of that, if you want to be sure that you don’t burn cash for nothing, only buy something if you can theoretically afford it ×3. That way, you know it won’t sabotage your long-term stack. Over time this becomes almost invisible you still grow your portfolio, but you also actually live your life instead of waiting for some mythical bull run. Go live a life that is worth telling your child about.

30 comes at you really fast. Ask yourself "7 years from now, will I be happy knowing I invested my income into ventures I believed in; instead of taking a few time out to enjoy life with friends and families?".... Whatever your answer is, that is what your focus should be.

You doing a great job! Keep it up. But have some fun along the way…

You need a balance my friend. I literally just booked myself a trip because I felt like I was going crazy just saving, saving and saving! Make a budget where you have a portion of your disposable income going into savings (BTC etc) and then also a portion of money for fun things.

Hey Man, I’m also 23, I save the majority of my cash and put it in to bitcoin, but this year I’m spending some cash for a 2 week holiday with my friend around my homeplace, italy, abd also have to spend a couple of racks on a new house deposit. I would say 60-70% of my disposable income after expenses goes to bitcoin and the rest is to buy myself stuff I want and experience life. I’m not particularly happy that I’m not spending every cent towards bitcoin, but I know for a fact that after this holiday and stuff I’ll feel differently about it. The point I came to was that I need to enjoy my life, and if I’m not happy with how much cash I’m saving monthly, then I need to make more cash, not spend less!

You're 23 this is the right time to stack. The new PC you can skip. Expenses on "things" and "stuff" rarely make a life happier, expenses on memories can be better. Instead of alt coins and shit coins, consider the dividend payers that Strategy has put out, or one of the options income ETFs. If you intend to sell anything, consider buying things that provide income whether you pay attention or not. If you hate your job, can you make it better?

It depends on your goals. If you want to be retired by 35 or 40, stack all you possible can for the next 7 years (through the next 2 halvings). As an older man, I will be honest, sacrifice as much as you possibly can now. It is incredibly hard once you have a family. Also, being retired by 40 leaves decades of enjoyable life to be had. For now, find free fun. Join a local chess team or movie club or whatever floats your boat. When you are watching friends slave away at 50 and 60 years of age, you will be glad you sacrificed now. Also, the ONLY crypto I would stack is BTC. You can trade the other crap, but hold BTC.

Stop buying cRyPtO and have some fun sometimes.

Like everyone else is saying, don't get too caught up in saving to the point where you don't have any fun in life. Having money isn't worth it if you've spent your life saving it up and never using it. You're young, these are some of the best years of your life, try and set aside some money so you can make the most of it. Just DCA and budget a little for your personal spending each month

Honestly man, do whatever feels right for you. If you don’t feel like it’s necessary to entertain yourself or have fun and travel then so be it. Stack them sats. But, if you wanna live a life of luxury and be happy with yourself and others, do yourself a favor and go be a 23 year old for peace sake. At your age I barely even had a job, let alone invested into my future. Maybe you know something I didn’t, either way I’m happy and have plenty of money to do all the things I wanna do now.

Pay yourself first. Take 10% and buy some sats with it every paycheck, or save it into whatever you want. Then don’t feel bad about living your life. Life is supposed to be fun. Don’t grind so hard that you miss the point of it all.

Lots of low cost stuff you can do. Learn to separate separate needs from wants. Discipline. Keep stacking.

If you're not bitcoin-obsessed the general rule of thumb is to save 40-50% of your income. This works for every level of income. Anything more won't meaningfully shave time off your retirement date.

You def have to use some of your money for fun. Don’t hoard it all. My dad did that and I could tell he regretted a lot of his last couple years of life because of it.

Don’t listen to these people. Keep up the disciple. A few years of sacrifice is worth a lifetime of financial independence. Most people don’t have the discipline to do what you are doing. Just 5 years of so saving can get you all the tattoos and trip you want just a little while later in life. Do yourself a favor and put some of this in a Roth IRA and then you will pay no taxes on the growth.

I did exact what you did for about 9 years no fun no nothing. All into btc. After about a decade being in btc I have to say the sacrifice was worth it. 9 years of sacrifice to no have to work anymore was totally worth it to me. By the time you are 30-40 you should be able to retire if you want.

no fun until all the fun

For me, the fun part IS the work! I can't stand myself doing something purely for fun. When I was 23, I was working every day like you, two jobs because I was an apprentice. Still my free time was working voluntarily for an organisation which made me feel I could use my talents and at the same time did something good for my community. If not I was working out or playing football with friends. I rarely did something "fun" like cinema, party(never) never drank, smoked or anything like that. I got married at 24 and we both worked in this same organisation voluntarily until we realised we need to earn more money. But I had no way to earn more so I had to wait for an opportunity. Suddenly we got COVID bonus from work and I tried to figure out where to put these money to good use. Bought one Ethereum at the end of 2020, saw it go from 1000$ to 4000$ and down again. Swapped it for btc on the way down to avoid too much volatility. Felt I wasted one year because now I had about the same amount of money again. Kept the btc but started flipping cars which went ok, still have crypto, just 10x the amount and I want to start a business now. All this time my free time have been researching, working out, taking care for family. I can't have fun, it's not fun having fun when you are just as broke as before

Don't be silly. Let yourself have some fun money. I'm writing this in a hotel room in The Philippines and I went swimming with whale sharks today. There's more to life than stacking sats

this is the only way if you don't wantto work for the next 40 years. Don't listen to others.

It’s been said already. But dude you could die tomorrow. What’s the point in saving relentlessly not knowing if you’ll get to enjoy it. Pay yourself first, then put the rest where ever you feel is appropriate.

Delayed gratification. I just keep reminding my self that if i want to get free as a slave i have to make sacrifices now.

I play games that are on sale or free, go on lots of hikes and find good walking sticks, lack the confidence to go on dates, carefully monitor my food purchases, don’t subscribe to more than like 2 services a month, I don’t drink, and find joy in everything I do knowing that in 16-20 years I might be a bit older but I’ll have the kind of options people only think about conceptually.

Forgetting about living life being motivated carrying the boats, what else does a human being do to become better buy the dip persevere praise eats healthy

I am in a similar position as you and what I do is 50/50 my checks so half goes to savings and half goes to me. Have fun dude we only live once

I must congratulate you on the mentality you have at your age. You stand out from the average thinking of boys your age. You are on the right track, keep going like this and your “future self” will be very grateful.

Enjoy your life, don’t defer it.

I sell my body on the streets for fun and more bitcoin

Keep stacking is my best advice. Pay future you first and you’ll catch up on fun later. That said, read Die with Zero for more perspective. Or, just have an AI do a chapter-by-chapter summary to get the gist in five minutes. You’re on the right track. Good luck!

Bitcoin has really cleared up wants vs. needs and made it a lot easier to not waste money on shit I don't need

It's not the right time to spend money on yourself right now. The fun can wait. Now, focus on building money that can last forever, and in the future, you will have as much fun as you want without having to worry about money. I'm 25 years old and also work a job I hate. I also don't spend a lot of money on myself, because I know spending now will make me regret later. Any money you spend now, is money that could have been multiplied with investing. Spending before building a portfolio will steal your future. I stopped spending on myself around 2 years ago and focused on my portfolio. Spending before building a strong portfolio is like throwing money in the fire. You get a 5 minutes dopamine hit, and then you forget about it and the reality of worrying about money, bills, etc..., is back. Get rich, then spend.

Buy early and chill strategy

I took profit like 4 percent of my stack back in January this year...i mean its ok if you don't over do it ? the amount you need to sell will decrease over time anyway. bought a new Victus laptop, bought back in this week after correction, and still have some left , to put in money market fund; I mean its 5 percent interest and I can use it whenever I want for emergency or anything

Same, Im 21 pretty much don't know what real fun is because when I was 18 I locked in full time on bitcoin. Pretty much my net value far exceeds my peers but I would also love to have a little bit of fun once in a while. I'd say do the little things that bring joy to you, can be star gazing, hiking, or get a GF to spend some quality time with, its up to you bro. There is a really thin line between enjoying your youth & destroying it. Be careful & good luck OP.😌

No to shitcoin

Only use 1/5 of your income on savings and crypto. That's how I do it. The rest live life and stop looking at charts. Life is short have fun. Yes investing in the future is always good and wise but remember to cherish friends and family. 😊

I wanted to share a perspective that has been invaluable to me over the years, one that was imparted to me by my father before he passed. He often emphasized that no one cares for your life quite like a parent. However, he also encouraged me to prioritize my own happiness. He said, "Material possessions come and go, but the memories we create – those last forever." At the time, I didn't fully appreciate his words, but now, as I reflect upon them at the age of 60, I find profound wisdom in his advice. He urged me to envision my happiness and to pursue activities that resonate with me personally. At 35, his counsel began to make sense, and now at 60, it resonates even more deeply. As you navigate your own journey at just 23, I encourage you to embrace life and seek fulfillment in ways that are uniquely yours. Take the opportunity to travel alone, to step outside of your comfort zone, and to explore new experiences. Doing something just for yourself can open up new avenues and perspectives that may change your life in remarkable ways. Believe me when I say: within those new experiences, you will discover growth and joy beyond what you can imagine. Wishing you all the best as you embark on your own adventures.

You're going to meet a girl in the future, than marry her against all advises from wiser persons in your life. She's been partying and living life like there's no tomorrow while you've been very disciplined and worked for a better future. Than one day when she's bored she'll want to divorce you and take half. Joking aside, do as many in this thread has advised you and live a bit (in moderation of course) and keep grinding. Do never and I mean NEVER get married involving the state. Good luck my friend!

I am pleased to hear that you have recognized the importance of taking time for yourself. Engaging in activities that bring you joy, whether it be purchasing a small treat for yourself, acquiring a new suit, or indulging in a night at a hotel to unwind, can significantly contribute to your overall well-being. These seemingly minor gestures can lead to greater open-mindedness and resilience, which are invaluable traits in both personal and professional realms. I encourage you to continue prioritizing self-care as it can provide a refreshing perspective and renewed energy for your endeavors. Wishing you all the best as you balance your commitments with these beneficial moments of relaxation.

I have about half of what I’ve saved DCAing into BTC. The rest is cash or liquid investments that I could sell easy.

Screw the other nonsense. You're spreading yourself thin for marginal gains. Not worth the stress of having to monitor that junk.

Instead of grinding forever with no “fun money,” think about building cash flow around your stack. One way is to use BTC as collateral (so you don’t have to sell it) to take a loan and buy a cash-flowing business — could be a laundromat, car wash, online store, or even something small on MicroAcquire/Flippa. The income from that business pays off the loan while your BTC keeps appreciating in the background. Once the loan’s cleared, you own both the business and the same BTC. Then you can rinse and repeat: collateralize → buy cash flow → use cash flow to pay debt → stack more BTC. This way your Bitcoin never leaves your wallet, you’re not stuck waiting for a bull market to “enjoy life,” and you build real-world income streams that let you live while stacking sats.

Hey brother im just 22 i make around 4-4.5k a month usd i invest around 1.5-2k into btc a month the rest i spend on stupid shit like food beer traveling the country buying clothing fixing my car you name it and im Having a blast ngl I still live with my parents and it helps a lot to stack sats for you sake maybe save around 20% of your income to btc? Also enjoy urself hang with pepole you love time goes fast

don't waste your 20's. Just dump 50 a week into it. You get 1 life, not 1 bitcoin.

Take the money you are currently putting into non-btc "crypto" and make that your fun budget. It's going to zero against btc either way.

The Bitcoin 4 year cycle tells you, when it’s a good time to buy or sell. It’s the safest way to trade, just google it. I wished I would of known about it from the start. Instead I’m sitting on Altcoin bags since last bull run and waiting to get my money back 😩.

i play free video games and smoke dirt cheap weed. basically spend nothing, not a ton of fun, but it works.

Very rarely, but like once a month I’ll go out and blow like 50 bucks at the local bar and shoot some pool or buy myself something on steam. Other than that, I found that working out takes a good bit of that free time up and has helped my mood and energy a lot. I just do cardio and calisthenics I got a doorway pull up bar pretty cheap on amazon. If you’re thrifty, you can still do a lot of stuff, but it does sting a little bit watching my friends go out to you know nightclubs in the city every weekend while I stay home I just have to remind myself that the sweet taste of financial independence will be so much better than all those nights combined

I don't care about "Crypto" most of them are scams. Now if you're talking about stacking Bitcoin, yes it is a great thing but remember Bitcoin stands for "freedom", what is the point of freedom if you cannot enjoy the little things in life and fulfill your desires? As others here have said, enjoy your youth as it doesn't come back, and having fun doesn't mean being reckless, there are many ways to enjoy while being wise. Enjoy and happy stacking.

Put 80% into BTC (nothing else) and use 20% to have fun. You’re young enough. Even 80% is plenty enough to get you places if you keep doing it consistently.

The money you spend on “other cryptos” might as well be spent on “fun”. It is gone anyway.

So you gamble away your money on crypto and then complain you have no money for fun? Stay humble stack sats and enjoy life.

Tbh. Lot of people here say you should take fun money. And I agree with that to some extend. But investing a lot here makes sense. I kick myself for not investing when I was younger. Saw a decent amount of opportunies that I did not take and would have had a lot of money right now if I took them when I was seriously considering buying them. But I rather spend my money on going out, alcohol etc. Should have made myself to spend a little less would have still had a fun time and wouldnt have been hard. Like I get you want a tatoo but would you be oke with waiting with that for a few years? If yes than wait if you really want it now than get it. Nothing wrong with both options just make sure you think about each decision. investing early in your life usually builds good habits that are great for you later in life. This is not financial advise ofcourse as I am not qualified for that but imo it is important to have a good balance. Invest what you can and also what you can afford to lose because it is poasible to lose a lot of money.

Obviously your heart is not 100% in your investments, that's fine take some out and get your tattoos and some short term gratification. Most of that feeling is just fomo and by the time you're mid 30s you look back and laugh at yourself for how you used to think you needed to spend your time. Honestly,I did some wild things in my 20s but that was because I didn't know much about finance, if I knew a fraction of what you do at 23, fuck... Truth is, very few people are willing to put the grind in and it's easy to make excuses, telling you you're missing out on this and that. You can have great times and make great memories with friends doing very cheap things. I can promise you that most of the people telling you to live a little, don't care about your financial success and also regret a large proportion of the money they wasted. Join them or carve your own path to financial freedom.

Because stacking BTC is more fun than anything else.

Eat the fruit and sow the seed only.

We all die poor

I would keep the fun part after I made my 5mil in 5 years.. you doing everything right.. sometimes having fun with friends or even a 2-3 day vacation won’t take too much money

Dude u are living life on easy mode (living with parents) if u cant spend money on things u like now, how do u expect to live after u are alone with rent and bills?

The best way is to start around 2012

I think your crazy if your doing that. Bitcoin is only something on the side to just earn extra income. Hugest risk is losing it all for nothing. Y I would have money to go out eat spend it on myself or else I would be miserable.

Remember, crypto is and will be a gamble, never bet all your money on one horse. Just use money you can afford to lose

can I ask, what are you using to DCA into?

Nothing is worth buying until you buy yourself. The longer it takes the longer you trade your time. So the faster and laziest way through life is actually working hard with financial discipline. Choose no creature comforts. Lastly, you MUST INVEST the earning properly so that you successfully send yourself the buying power into the future. Best if you multiply this buying power. Ex. You invest 1 year’s time worth of salary. When you 10x this time, you now have 10 years worth of buying power.

Travel over tattoos! You won’t regret that.

Something I found in internet is to put 50% of your income towards your living cost, 25% on investment (BTC), 15% on Emergency Fund (6x your monthly living cost) and the last 10% for vacation, fun, etc. I‘ve lives frugally the past 10 years, trust me putting aside 10% of your income would keep you sane. Because it is really freaking hard to save, if you are not enjoying life.

I wouldn't be able to survive if I didn't have any free money after investing in crypto and futures. I think it would kill me knowing I could have just bought even more bitcoin.

I have never quoted Dave Ramsay on a BTC page but in this case, I think it applies. “Live like no one else….so later, you get to LIVE LIKE NO ONE ELSE”

Have fun later

Don’t let the FOMO on putting more into BTC prevent you from having fun.

I’ll have fun when I’m dead.

Why don’t u use the money from the prop firms? If you arnt making any money then stop spending it on them until you are profitable.

%. X% goes to bitcoin X% goes to saving X % goes to emergency fund X% goes to auxiliary saving Give yourself some money to live now. And save some for bitcoin later. Give yourself some operating cash so you can buy the dips. Take your girl out do dinner. Etc. Just my two sats.

We eat shoes

Stop putting the rest in other cryptos. Don’t be an idiot. You can’t serve two masters. If you’re just in this to get more fiat currency then you don’t get it, and if you really are trying to maximize your BTC holdings then the crypto side investments are holding you back. “Crypto” is NOT SCARCE. There is no good value proposition for the broad category known as “crypto.” ONLY BITCOIN! Keep It Simple, Stupid!

I have a runescape account with bitcoin from 2009. How do I access it? Backstory: Someone in runescape was offering “bitcoin” that was digital gold and would one day be worth millions of dollars. I immediately was walking by the guy in game and it caught my attention. After talking to him for a few minutes it made me realize that I might as well get some. He gave it to me for a fee in-game items and I remember he gave me bitcoin to me for free on three seperate occasions because I told him how poor my family was. He told me to save the wallet keys and to give it to my family and have them store it and to sell it in the future Unfortunately I didn’t really think much of it and I ended up forgetting about it. Recently my brother started playing runescape again and it dawned on me which account has the bitcoin on it. I tried to login “Password Incorrect” After 10 more attempts it I realized I dont know the password I kept as a kid. It made me realize that this was a terrible terrible thing to happen. I believe I could have quite a bit of bitcoin on there. I tried account recovery through jagex and failed I have been trying to see if there has been a data leak of runescape usernames and passwords somewhere since that would help me recover the account. If someone were to assist me in getting the password by pointing me in the right direction by finding these data leaks for runescape accounts and I do recover it. You can bet your bottom dollar you will recieve a decent amount of bitcoin from what was on there

do not mention to support or any admins about the keys or bitcoin

If it is an “account”, an admin can restore access, if you can sufficiently prove that you are the account holder.

I don't buy this story

I am pretty sure, u cant have a runescape account with bitcoin on it. Edit: He has it on his notes. As a long term runescape player. Ur hope is lost. They dont have costumer support. Im sorry.

I mean this with love, but could this possibly have been a dream?

The Bitcoin isn’t stored on the RuneScape account

r/hypnosis

Contact support tocrecover the account, I don’t know if you’d have bitcoin on it but idk how RuneScape works

Your account is probably on RuneScape not old school RuneScape try longing into that. That’s what happened to my account

Contact admin from ur email to reset ur password

Yea I hate to agree with this, but it’s hopeless, just pretend you never had it as your not going to find your stuff on a data link, and I’m not familiar with that game cause im not a gamer and I don’t understand how you could store bitcoin on a game account, however I’m SURE that if you had what would probably be worth millions today sitting on a game account ESPECIALLY if you had say 50-100 btc, I guarantee you somebody took them off that account and probably closed your account on that game. I mean without knowing how many bitcoins you had it’s hard to say, if you had 100 bitcoins then yeah people would go through incredible lengths to get their hands on that type of $, if you had 1000 coins now we’re talking about more worth than the entire game has ever made more than likely so… I know you’ll probably keep trying and I’m rooting for you!! But don’t let it fuck your head up, only super nerds had the hindsight to understand, buy and hold btc for that long and still holding em till this day because even though it’s down about 15k from its ath we all know it’s going to grow in value.

why don’t you recover the email address associated with your runescape account. this way you will be able to recover your account.

In todays episode of things that never happened

Press X to doubt

Unfortunately jagex is not exactly helpful when it comes to recovery. Your best bet would be to reach out to a runescape content creator and try and get in contact with mod ash trough them. Also, older runescape account were voulnerable to brute force recovery attempts, as they were manually reviewed back then (i should know, i did this to about 20-30 accounts back in the days) Eventually the review was done by someone who just didnt give a F... and gave you access to the account If you know the Email used, phone number, isp, and kind of payment used if you were a member, then you have a good chance, but not without getting a manual review. These days jagex wants you to connect your account to an Email, which will make it impossible to access or recover without the access to said Email, so be carefull about who help you since one its highjacked there is no way in hell to get it back in that case

Ah, you reminded me of the good old days. Not of when I received some Bitcoin back in 2009, since that never happened. But of when I hacked a couple of my friends’ accounts, lol. (Of course, they had asked me to do it, just to be clear.) Considering your age back then, I don’t think your password would be that hard to crack. Try to remember whether you used capital letters, special characters, numbers, and how many characters it was. The more information you have, the better. It’s also possible that you reused the same password on other accounts, or that the password was influenced by what you liked back then - like certain cartoons, superheroes, animals, and so on. Once you’ve gathered as much info as possible, if it’s different from the password you used elsewhere, you should proceed with dictionary and/or brute-force attacks. I wouldn’t particularly recommend asking the Runescape mods to recover your account, since it’s quite likely they’re on high alert for anyone requesting help about this. If you absolutely must, maybe let some time pass first to calm things down. Of course, I’d also tell you to check the hard drive you used back then, or any notebook/sheet where you might have written the password down, but it doesn’t seem to be your case. These are the first suggestions I feel like giving you. Obviously, there are other methods to recover that password, and I’m pretty sure one of them would work - but I’d first need to explain to you exactly how to proceed.

This is a long shot, but check out [ to find if any of your old accounts have been hacked. If you have accounts from that time period, there's a chance you were using the same password. Find the data leak (there are forums on the dark web for that) and find your username and password. Might be a 1% chance to recover your account.

Its a bit of a long shot but you could try tweeting Mod Ash. He's a good guy

Sucks and you are a dumb fuck

Password is 58008

This is kinda exciting! I hope you are able to recover! The only thing I can think of is you logging into Runescape and not Old School. GL

You need to recover the account via the email you used. I saw a comment where you said you didn't use an email - you had to have.

Try logging into RS3, your account is likely an original RS account and afaik all of those should be RS3 accounts now

Is it online or offline? Maybe google how to brute force account. But, this might be illegal, depending where you live.

Hey, do you remember what kind of passwords you created at that age? Were they complicated or simple words? If there is no email associated with the account you could try and brute force the password. If you only used lowercase letters at the time it may not be many combinations and you could eventually guess it. Do some research on what the password requirements were at the time. I’m guessing that if they didn’t require an email, the password requirements weren’t that strict or nonexistent.

How would your account have bitcoin on it? Not really possible...

BS. No one was talking about bitcoin as "digital gold". In fact, one of the arguments scammers associated with shit coins would blabber about was how the narrative allegedly changed from currency (in early days) to digital gold and store of value layer on. Scammers wanna scam and sad people post stories about lost billions due to old wallets lost.

This makes no sense. How would you keep the bitcoin in your game account?

Did you ever see the bitcoin in a wallet? Or did you just take the keys and trust they were legit? There is a very high chance the it just scammed you bro your times and there never was any bitcoin lol.

Bitcoin stored on your RuneScape account? Unless you added each word of your wallet seed as a friend to friends list it’s impossible lol

I have PTSD trying to remember old Runescape details to recover my account. How am I supposed to remember any of my parents' credit card numbers from 20 years ago?

I can help you with data leak etc.. But if your RuneScape login was only an account name it’s harder. You should check your emails for password leaks from the era you played and then try those passwords, If you know you set an email but are unsure of which account make new RuneScape accounts and link to all your emails until you find your email that already has one linked

I mean it can’t be that hard to break your password. You just might need time. Hopefully the game doesn’t block you after so many tries. Frankly you should find a hacker 😂😂 maybe they can go into a old device and find it

There were no large scale hacks that could recover it in the way you are thinking...if you happen to have the old computer you used that might be something that could be used to recover it.

I have a similar situation with a coinbase account

I have a similar issue with coinbase

Thank you for your donation

bro ran into a time traveler 😂

Don't answer pms also osrs is a new game now and your btc wont be stored on there in anyway

Step-by-Step Recovery Process 1. Go to the Support Page: Navigate to the official RuneScape support website by clicking on the "Support" button on the RuneScape or Old School RuneScape homepage. 2. Locate the Recovery Option: On the support page, find and click on sections related to account recovery, often found under "Your Account" > "Login" > "Forgotten login" or directly to the "Submit an account recovery appeal" page. 3. Enter Login Information: Enter the original login name (for accounts created before November 2010) or the registered email (for accounts created after November 2010) of the account you are trying to recover. 4. Use the Contact Support Link: If you don't receive a password reset or can't remember your login details, click the link to "Contact Jagex Support" or use the "Forgotten login" section to retrieve your login. 5. Fill Out the Recovery Form: Complete the recovery form with as much information as you can remember about the account. 6. Provide a Current Email: When asked for an email address, enter an email that you currently have access to. Jagex will contact you at this address to inform you of the outcome of your recovery request.

OlI POSTED STEP BY STEP DIRECTIONS

Hire an attorney on contingency. Even if it costs you 40% it is your best chance.

If it was from Old School RuneScape then your account got transferred to RuneScape 3. Login with your login details there not OSRS.

Wasn't RuneScape entirely taken offline by Jagex, and later relaunched as OSRS, in a form of a hard reset of all user information?

Maybe putting yourself back in your [original state of mind]( will help you remember.

Runescape player here aswell. You can't store bitcoin on Runescape so even if you know your password it wouldn't make a difference. I've traded my in game money for bitcoin aswell. What you need is your wallet keys and if you lost that it's lost.

Good luck bro - please keep us updated

I don’t have much advice that people already haven’t given but I’m interested in ur journey here. Sending good vibes (and hopefully good luck)!

Contact customer support, Give them all the information you can as in location account was made, year account was made, locations account was played, any passwords you remember having. All of this should be enough info for them to give you the account back. This is an RS3 account not OSRS. You probably will get your account back if you can provide enough correct details of your account.

What’s your login information? Maybe I could try and access to see what the issue is?

Erm..How do you have bitcoin stored in your RS account?

What makes you think you can store Bitcoin in a RuneScape account? Did you download Bitcoin Core back then or how was it sent to you?

You can’t have Bitcoin on a RuneScape account, if this is what your asking.

Okay, so... I play runescape, and have these thoughts... There is no option to store this type of data on the account. There is no way this account would give you access to bit coins. Oldschool runescape gold is about 17 cents per million gp, aka nearly worthless.

Just a reminder (the dimes are pre-1965)

LOL, that could’ve been 10s: the dimes are x g of 90% silver, so x*y $/g*0.9. But he went back and forth with it. Are modern dimes still made of silver?

Very interesting, thank you for the post

Pretty much all spare change today are just even smaller fractions of coins that have been clipped into oblivion 🤭💀

Buying power got fuked

Shows Greshams law in action. Bad money will chase out good money. So no one would pay with that silver dime.

lol, can we talk about how much fuel it took to melt the silver?

Jeebs, do you have any space guns?

This loser is a loser big mulch

You will not get the spot silver price for coins.

How much is the Numismatic value of the Mercury Dimes?

When I was learning how btc worked

the people that learned like this made the most money 😂

Bro is literally soaking up all the information the book has to offer.

That kid is going to be a great CEO.

Photographic memory

What is that child doing and why do they look like a 97 year old 5 year old?

Daily Discussion, August 31, 2025 Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow. Please check the [previous discussion thread]( for unanswered questions.

**Historical Bitcoin prices for today, August 31st:** 2025 - $108,343 2024 - $58,970 2023 - $25,931 2022 - $20,050 2021 - $47,167 2020 - $11,681 2019 - $9,631 2018 - $7,038 2017 - $4,703 2016 - $575 2015 - $230 2014 - $482 2013 - $141 2012 - $10.2 2011 - $8.2 2010 - $0.10 **Additional Stats:** Bitcoin's current market cap is $2.16 trillion. Bitcoin's current block height is 912551; with the average block time for the last 7 days being 9.30 minutes and the average block size for the last 7 days being 1.56MB. Bitcoin's mining difficulty is currently 129.70 trillion; with the next difficulty adjustment anticipated on 05-Sep-2025 (within 697 blocks). The mining difficulty is currently expected to increase 5.64% to 137.01 trillion. Bitcoin's current block reward is 3.125₿, which is worth $338,571 per block. Bitcoin's average daily miners' revenue for the last 7 days is $56.35M; with the average daily miners' profitability for the last 7 days being $0.0542 per terahash per sec. The next Bitcoin halving is anticipated to happen between 26-Mar-2028 to 20-Apr-2028 (within 137,449 blocks); the block reward will fall to 1.5625₿. There are currently 23,334 reachable Bitcoin nodes. Bitcoin's average daily hashrate for the last 7 days is 1 zetahash per second. Bitcoin's average daily trading volume for the last 7 days is $68.48 billion. Bitcoin's average daily number of transactions for the last 7 days is 537,740. Bitcoin's average transaction fee for the last 7 days is 2.91 sats/VB, with the average fee's USD amount being $0.66; with the median values being 0.73 sats/VB & $0.16 respectively. There are currently 19.91M ₿ in circulation, leaving 1.09M to be mined. There are currently 3.68M ₿ held by companies, governments, DeFi, and ETFs, representing 18.50% of circulating supply. There are currently 56,500,263 nonzero Bitcoin addresses that contain 169.15M UTXOs. Bitcoin's average daily price from 18-Jul-2010 to 31-Aug-2025 is $17,809. Bitcoin's average daily price for the year 2025 is $100,916. 1 US Dollar ($) currently equals: 923 satoshis; making 1 penny equal 9.23 sats. Bitcoin's minimum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $76,271.95 on 08-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $123,344.06 on 13-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's minimum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $74,436.68 on 07-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily decrease for the year 2025 was -$8,182.68 on 03-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily increase for the year 2025 was +$8,216.44 on 02-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's all-time high (intraday) was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin is down 12.95% from the ATH. Bitcoin has reached an all-time high 9 days in 2025. It has been 17 days since the last ATH.

Keep calm and stack sats!

Mom is retiring this year, trying to get her to buy bitcoin just a litte. she's a classic boomer though, only buys gold and bonds. I bought her some btc and a bank stock, $100 worth for each in 2022, just to show how they perform. Still, her reason for not touching Bitcoin is always the same: *‘But Bitcoin has no physical form, it could be a scam for all I know".*

Another day in the fiat mines

Sunday funday ?

i had some small amount of bitcoin back in 2012. i've recently opened the computer up and am looking through the directories and don't remember where anything is. what filenames should i be looking for? or strings?

Everything else in my life is terrible rn so I guess this makes sense

Tomorrow is 500 days after the last halving. Should see a new ATH if some are to be believed 😬

AAANNNNDDDD right back down

Tired boss

WHO IS SELLING?! /s

We hit the top boys see you all in 2 years

Does avergage cost matter? .1 bitcoing avergage cost 39k, if keep buying obviously average cost will go up, makes me upset but at the end of the day shouldbe be payong attention to that right, all about accumulation?

Cost average is only for tax purposes and keeping track of gains and loses. To see how misguided your post is if you bought 1 bitcoin at $5 would you not buy another full bitcoin at $100 because your cost basis went up? In 10 years do you want .1 bitcoin or .2 bitcoin if the price is higher. Of course you want more.

One would think that accumulation is most important. Your average price is incredible. I would say just keep buying no matter what. That’s what I’m doing…. But who ever really knows with this stuff. I mean, if the price is eventually 500k, then it won’t even matter….. Just try to own as much of it as you possibly can since it’s a limited supply. It’s finite. The more the merrier! Only other option, in my eyes, would be to try and wait for dips in price and buy then.

well yes it does matter lol, how else you measure your profit.

Average doesn’t matter…it’s just psychological.

Your average cost is waaaaaaaay lower than mine but I have waaaaaaaaaay more bitcoin. Accumulation is much MUCH more important to your net worth.

It’s really just another way to keep score, isn’t it? I used to pay attention to it and even be unhappy about it creeping up. But somewhere along the way I looked at it and my inner voice said “y’know, your precious average cost isn’t going to help you retire any faster. Get over yourself and keep stacking”.

If someone’s price average was 50% higher than yours, say 60k but they owned 5x what you own, who would you rather be?

MicroStrategy at that time, had about $10k average in 2020. They could stop at that time and have their average down or keep stacking and have much more bitcoin than 5 years ago.

Microstrategy stack was bought at 66k average, but is ... well ... slightly larger than yours

Any average cost under $1mil is good.

Should you invest in Bitcoin? There are many arguments as to why you should invest in Bitcoin, but the other day I had this profound realization that settled the argument for me. So should you invest in Bitcoin? Yes, but why? Why, because Bitcoin will be here tomorrow. Why, because Bitcoin will be here next year. Why, because Bitcoin will be here whether or not you invest. Why, because Bitcoin will be here whether the price rises of falls. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when you get old. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when you die. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when companies will go out of business. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when political landscapes change and shift. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when governed rise and fall. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when countries rise and fall. Why, because Bitcoin will be here when everything else changes. Why, because Bitcoin will be here.

You need to save for the future? Bitcoin is the answer.

Or, it won’t be there

Yea, but what, when and who

Yeah i got what you mean and you are partially correct but there is a better reason than this. Yes it will be here but so does any rock or any sea shell. That doesn’t mean we will hoard it for tomorrow. The real reason is: Bitcoin is the most time resistant entity that humans can possess as of now. It also is a product of engineering directly solves all problems of all types of money we had in the past. It is like Mona Lisa that you can transfer 14.000 km in 30 minutes and for 3 dollars. You gotta change your sentences like this: why, because bitcoin will always be 21 million whether governments rise and fall.

Start9 Server Pure startup issues I wanted to set up a bitcoin node but I needed a server to do that on. I'm not savvy enough to build my own, also don't have the time, so I bought a Start9 prebuilt server pure. I've heard good things about it but I'm having issues setting it up. I run through the basic steps, plugging in power, and attaching the ethernet cable to my router. The next step is where my problem keeps happening. You're supposed to copy the link from the start up manual on the Start9 website and paste it into a browser (I'm using DuckDuckGo in this case) on a device that is on the same network as your server and in theory you should be able to access the server through that link, however I haven't been able to do that. Any time that I use the link, it results in a page not found alert. My best guess as to why this is happening is that Start9 isn't compatible with internet provider which is T-Mobile 5g. If that is the problem, what kind of router would work best for me? I'm still very new to the whole server world and would appreciate any advice that you would be able to provide.

Can you access your router? You should see if the router assigned an IP address to the server. If so, you can also try to access the server via (the assigned address).

u/Quirky-Reveal-1669 is right. Sometimes a router doesn't resolve local dns request. But it will certainly be possible to access the Start9 server via its IP address. You will find it by logging into your router and heading to the network section. It's listed there along with all your further devices connected to your network (via LAN/WiFi). If there is the possibility to connect a monitor to your server, I am quite sure you'll see a message pointing you into the right direction by giving you the correct IP address you need to head to. Last but not least to find the correct IP of your server you can use the well known tool angry IP scanner that can be found at

i am running a start9 server for a couple of months (i am not technical savvy too). Did you see the 3 following: [Start9 Tutorial: Set up your Bitcoin Node and Personal Server.]( [ [ if you have any questions, will try to help...

Been Holding Bitcoin for Years What’s Your Strategy? I’ve been holding Bitcoin for a long time now. Not trading it, not chasing short-term moves just keeping it safe. For me, it’s the only asset in the world that actually makes sense to hold long term. I’m curious about the rest of you: what’s your approach? Do you see yourself ever spending BTC on physical goods, or is it strictly a store of value in your eyes? Would love to hear how others are thinking about this in 2025.

Knowing me I’ll probably Keep stacking for another 20 years, sit on it for another 25 years after that, then fuckin die with no one to leave it to, it will just sit in cold storage and someone I don’t know will throw it out because they find my hardware wallet and think it’s some antique junk from 40 years prior. You’re welcome for locking up some coins forever, everybody!

I have been holding and accumulating BTC since 2017. Over 95% of my life savings is in bitcoin. I’d like to “retire” in the next 10 years in Thailand or somewhere in Asia. I will likely continue to work but just on what keeps me inspired and active. I could sell it right now, buy multiple properties outright and a luxury car but that’s not what I want. The plan is to focus on increasing my income, accumulate more bitcoin and live modestly. I make a decent income and aim to invest 30-40% monthly into BTC. I am going to continue to rent where I live, drive a 10 year old car and live off my income. Eventually I’d like to either borrow against my Bitcoin holdings or sell small amounts to fund my modest lifestyle. I have little desire for living flashy. I don’t want a lambo. Id rather live a low maintenance, low stress life on a beach in Thailand. Get daily massages from a sexy Asian, while enjoying a nice blunt and beautiful sunset. That’s my dream 🤷🏼‍♂️

hold it for a decade or more until its so darn expensive I can cash it out, retire and enjoy my remaining days.

Being able to quit my job would be the main thing probably.

You don't sit around with a goal of some dollar value in mind to sell it all. This is what I hear again and again, on forums, from news anchors pressing Saylor. "But when will you sell?" It's not even about it "going up forever, Laura". It's that you will never sell it all or even most of it. It is your income for the rest of your life. You will sell tinier and tinier amounts to live off. And one day, you won't sell it, you'll spend it directly with whoever has what you want to buy. And that will happen more frequently. All over the world. That's the only end goal. Any selling before then just to sit on dollars feeling "safer" is the wrong approach and one without conviction to hold bitcoin in the first place.

I have spent bitcoin on physical goods, as recently as last month, but I typically don't. I've been holding 10+ years. I will retire and start living off it soon, maybe within 5 years.

Buy high, sell low.

Just stacking my sats as I can… I have a family to support, life to endure as a working class drone. Honestly, I’m waiting for laws and regulations to change. I’m expecting, in a few years, for there to be an option where I can “deposit” my BTC at my bank and earn a yield (like a HYSA) so I can spin that into more BTC w a goal to live off that juice in the future. Simple really. Won’t be much work for a bank to take the value of my BTC holdings and use that for short term MM/T-bills for a 4-5% and pay me out… that’s where my head is at

I’m holding mine until I can pay off my mortgage or it will significantly impact my quality of life. After all, that’s what currency is for right?

I’ve been DCA-ing for almost 5 years now. I plan to hold for another cycle and see where it goes. I might sell and enjoy life, or maybe diversify into a business I’m passionate about. But I’ll likely hold 80–90% until the block reward falls below single digits in 2032. It will be really interesting to see the level of scarcity at that point.

To me this is the final cycle. IMO Nov-dec will be the top 130-150k. 2026 will be the bottom 60-80k After that we will see less big swings and have a super cycle. I've been in it since 2017 my original btc holdings had increased by 10x. Not the value but the actual btc amount.

I’m old. Bought some back in the day. I think I paid four raspberries and some beads. I’ve never sold nor added. I don’t need the money so Ive been holding and watching with what I will admit is a growing level of interest. These swings used to be in invisible now, not so much! At some point I will sell. 200k per sounds like a nice round number.

Been holding for a long time as well. Im just sitting back watching what happens.

So you have 3 or 4 BTC? Or should I think in the realm of 30 or 40? Just to get a bit of a feel for what you are talking about.

Yes will start spending soon

If I store the value and die with it stored, what was the point? Yes, I expect to spend it in bits and pieces along the way (on whatever I need at the time), most likely by converting it to fiat and then spending that. Wtf else would I be doing with it?

DCA'ing at least $600 a month, will only spend my Bitcoin to fully pay off a home and then chill. I'd probably still be working but as long as the mortage is paid off, that'd take a lot of stress from my shoulders.

Hold tight and dont sell it wait the next bullrun cycle then you will thanks yourself that you didn't sell it at the low price

stack it up so much that i can just take out usdc loans putting BTC up for collateral and not think much of it if i ever need the liquid

Continue to buy weekly and HODL for life.

Your comment history says your strategy doesn't work.

Hold until im 50, 25 years from now

Retire and live off my Bitcoin

I don't have enough so I'll never spend it. But if I had like 0.5 btc or more, I would sell when it reaches 1kk and allocate that in conservative stocks.

Just a chill dude . Gif

Collection of all banknotes > 100,000 Every country that has printed a banknote with a denomination of 100,000 or more, from Lebanon’s 100,000 lira to Hungary’s 100 Quintillion pengő, here’s the full list: Lebanon, Armenia, Laos, Colombia, Paraguay, Sao Tome, Croatia, Indonesia, Mexico, Uzbekistan, Cambodia, Italy, Uruguay, Mozambique, Vietnam, Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela, Ukraine, Georgia, Iran, Zaire/Congo, Belarus, Peru, Angola, Poland, Romania, Russia, Nicaragua, Bolivia, Turkey, China, Serbia, Bosnia, Greece, Yugoslavia, Germany, Zimbabwe, Hungary. #MoneyTalks #fiat_money #fate_of_fiat #knowledge

How does 0.1 BTC become generational wealth? I keep seeing how 0.1 is the magic number to have generational wealth, but have a difficult time understanding how? The number isn’t mathematically comprehensible. I get that BTC goes up forever but is 0.1 BTC generational wealth for someone in this lifespan or the next generation? Can someone explain??

0.1 is definitely not sufficient for generational wealth. but don't get caught up with these numbers just keep stacking.

Imo, the ship sailed for generational wealth. You can still make a lot of money though.

Buying .1 Bitcoin is like buying 3 ounces of gold. Sure it might go up faster than gold and/or inflation. Or maybe it will just hold its own value over time. So if 10 years from now it triples and is worth like $30,000, factor in all the inflation that's probably happened by then, and maybe it's just held its own value. Nobody knows what the future holds, we'll see!

it doesn’t don’t let people con you

Fuck generational wealth focus on retirement for yourself first people lmao

It doesn't and it won't. BTC has been a good investment for me since 2017, but I have never believed the "BTC to $10 million by 2030" nonsense. Buy BTC sure - but buy other things too because it's very speculative and unlikely to ever reach anywhere near what the influences on YouTube (for example) are claiming. If they really believed that, most of them would just quietly accumulate everything they could without encouraging competition.

It’s won’t be generation wealth. But it will be a damn hard thing to get if u don’t have.

Add it to another 10 BTC

Here's what I tend to see: people who buy alts think that the boat has sailed with bitcoin because "the price is too high" and they think there's a higher upside in the other coins. There isn't. Imagine the world never left the gold standard. Bitcoin's blockchain architecture is invented and Satoshi posts the whitepaper. Does anyone care? Without bitcoin's chosen fiscal policy matching an economist's classic definition of hard money AND released into an environment of doubt over a world run on fiat, I think bitcoin would have been nothing more than a forgotten curiosity. This is so, so critical as to why alts are worthless. Anyone who thinks they missed the boat when they look at bitcoin's price versus an alt... you have to understand the world will never again see that scale of adoption in a single cryptocurrency because blockchain tech alone is not why bitcoin is where it is. Smart contracts, faster transaction speeds - that's the only value prop the thousands of alts offer and all at a cost to security, immutability, and lack of decentralized governance. Bitcoin's magic formula of 1) solving the double-spend problem, 2) ensuring store of value through proof of work and scarcity, and 3) being uncensorable and immutable by reaching critical scale is an unrepeatable event. Long way of saying you're not getting generational wealth in any alt. Will 0.1 btc be generational wealth if it's consumed all other crypto and fiat? Probably.

Like most here, I’m just hoping .1 will be enough to supplement retirement and make things more comfortable and hopefully I can help out my kids/grandkids more. Not quite “generational.”

If you hold any asset for long enough it could become theoretically generational wealth. There's just friction that doesn't allow you to do that (company bankruptcy, property tax, management fees, filing fees, etc.), but with Bitcoin you can just hold it forever and (maybe not with .1BTC for a while in the US) eventually live off selling derivatives or taking loans

People have big expectations. It's ok to hope it's true, but don't depend on it.

Im not going to speculate. But what I do find interesting is that people look to hoard wealth “for the children”, having experienced a death with a lot of money involved, it doesnt work out and becomes an ugly situation. I’d rather give my kids the tools for them to build their own wealth.

Some insanely delusional people here.

Focus on your assets and retirement . Rest will happen. Teach your kids to invest as well. The kids will be fine plus they will also get the leftovers when you are gone.

Everyone who is starting out should think instead about bitcoins rate of growth instead. If it takes 10 or 20 years to 10x, then that’s the time you have to accumulate, i.e. you need to put the work in. If you accumulate diddly-squat then you have 10x diddly-squat but if you sacrifice and build a nice pot, then you’ll be setup, providing you have 10-20 years ahead of you.

I sold .1 to deal with debt. Time to repay it interest free to my self ☺️

If btc goes to 10 million per coin or higher it for sure is. I think we will be at 1 million in 5-10 years. So 1 btc would be better for short term like if you are older

It's nonsense just like having to have "1 whole coin" as opposed to 3 or .75". Much of the rah rah in this forum is beyond silly. Bitcoin is a good store of value. Buy what you can, maybe diversify with stocks and a house. Whatever works for you.

It’s definitely not… we’re at the point where in order to obtain generational wealth from Bitcoin, you must already be quite wealthy

In the us it doesn't and it wont, probably, it could be long enough later but who knows. But for third world country like Indonesia, that 0.1 could be good life changing money to have if say bitcoin hit $1 million usd. But again tho, keep stacking, don't stop at 0.1. But even so having 0.1 already put you around 10% or so.

it won't I. like this one. [@sminston_with on X](

To my opinion..every statoshi counts..its better to hold a fraction of it than never..

No 0.1 BTC won’t be enough. That’s why we now say bitcoin is no longer a get rich quick scheme. The days of bitcoin going 1000x are over. But it is absolutely the best saving vehicle ever. You won’t make $10m out of $10k though.

It is only 100k if btc reaches a million.

Bitcoin goes to 1 million, then 10 million etc.

0.1 might buy you 15-20 years of not working in 20 years.

it depends on your time horizon

It's not a generational wealth goal, but comfy retirement at 60+ Generational wealth - closer to 5btc in 25 years.

IMO 1btc is probably enough for someone to retire but that is in 20 years time. The insane gains we see in btc will slow down.

Well you keep seeing it because you’re watching clickbait Youtube videos

Any "excess" money that you pass down to your kids is basically generational wealth. The broad array of answers that you get here largely comes down to lack of common definition on how much money that needs to be before you consider it "wealth". For some, it is already enough if their kids can get a degree without piling on massive debt. For others, it is only generational wealth if their kids do not have to work again for their entire lifetime. I think many kids would be very happy with an inheritance of 0.1 BTC in a couple of decades from now, especially if they were already doing alright in the sense of basic living conditions. But yeah, for some kids that inheritance might be the start of their own flourishing wealth accumulation, while for others they might blow all of it in no time and still be broke after.

The question is incomplete: “… generational wealth in…?”. US? UK? Vietnam? Venezuela? The answer will be quite diferent.

Not even 10 is generational wealth.

Loool nah you mean 100 btc

All depends on that person's interpretation of general wealth. You don't have a home - general wealth is different for you! You live in a trailer home or in a medium income home - general wealth is different for you! You like in mid to high value home - general wealth is different for you. Now, whatever general wealth means to you, can & will be different for the next generation you leave your wealth to. Just depends on how that next generation uses that general wealth. They could use it to start a business, buy a car, get an education, smoke it all up, drink it all up, or us it to create more wealth 🤔 !

Depends which definition for generational wealth you use. To me it’s the assets I will passion to my kids. In that sense even less than 0.1 BTC can be generational.

How many people will be able to buy 0.1 ?

well, it might not be generational wealth for you, but wait 50 years and I think your grandkids will be quite happy that you hold on to that. Edit: To add, if bitcoin from here "only" grows at an average of 20% a year (what Saylor says), in 50 years 0.1 btc would be worth around 90 million dolars. So, assuming we don't have hyperinflation, that is quite an amount of wealth to pass to the next generation.

It will not. Even 1 btc will not be generational wealth, it may be shorter way to earlier retirement but dont fall for predictions that are made solely for karma/likes/content farming.

It doesn’t unless we go to some dystopian world where inflation is absurd and everyone is starving

This sub is saying a lot of things that are nonsense. Claiming 0.1 Bitcoin would be some magic number is pure fiction. Claiming that Bitcoin would be limited to 21 million is only a half-truth, as that number will be leveraged significantly through derivatives, making the actual number of Bitcoin (exposure) you can buy several orders of magnitude larger. What is true though, is that unless major governments will actively restrict or forbid Bitcoin (which is absolutely possible), Bitcoin will likely go up significantly in the future.

I would say generational wealth is 10 million USD. Bitcoin would have to be 2.1 quadrillion USD in value for 1 BTC to equal 100 million USD, in other words, dollar-sat parity. Thus 0.1 BTC would be 10 million USD. It would get there eventually, but not so sure it would happen in the next 30 years

0.1 will probably be the average house price in developed economies in 2050

I'm assuming you're in the US. I'm from Southeast Asia and 0.1 BTC is not an amount to scoff at. Generational wealth is not my goal, I just want to retire.

It doesn't. Not enough. Need at least 1 btc.

It does not. Nothing complex.

Generational wealth if you live in south Sudan.

Probably dependscwhat part of the world you're living in

Today, with the current price of bitcoin, it isn't much (about 10,800 dollars), but the point is that every 4 years, the amount of btc that enters the market decreases by 50 percent, since the market for it grows, so does its price. Many countries and companies will buy in the future (some have already started massively), but I still only have 21 million of them, of which about 2-3 million are forever lost, maybe for some 30-50 years btc will be 5 million 10 million dollars, so 0.1 will be an okay amount of money.

They meant 100 BTC

If you imagine a world without fiat currency, 1 BTC could be worth $25 million (approximate global money supply in Fiat currency/all BTC). That is sort of the upper end, so yes BTC will go "up" as it gets lost etc but that's the approximate upper limit in today's purchasing power. So if you have .1 it could be like having $2.5 million (max) if there is a complete collapse of the global monetary system. Based on that I could see how someone buying it as a hedge against that would see it as a target ownership amount.

Is it weird to think that BTC is the most accessible thing we (normies) can purchase that will likely return something like \~20-30% per year for the next few decades? Some years more, some less but itll out perform the s&p500 and gold, you dont have to be an accredited investor or have the inside scoop on some PE investments

1btc = $87 million 0.1btc = $8.7 million 0.1btc generational wealth (for one spendy generation)

It might be...for your great grandchildren.

If we zoom out to a global level -- not just us privileged Western folk -- the perspective could make sense. Another cycle or two and we might see $1M per BTC; $100K is a huge amount of money for some!

If you live in a third world country and wait for 15 years it’s a lot of money

If you expect BTC to hit $10M in your lifetime then 0.1 is $1,000,000. But really it’s all fluff, just stack as much as you can, nobody knows for sure where it’ll end up in our lives but know it’s a hedge on fiat.

The last it coin will be mined in like 100 years. The theory is that you need to acumúlate to retire the bitcoin That the world generates in 10 minutes. (Currently 3.25 bitcoin). We are talking all the world output keep it in mind. Starting in 2044 the world will mine $0.09 bitcoin every 10 minutes. That should be sufficient to retire for some one in their 30s buying in 2044. Now if you purchase 0.1 Bitcoin today that puts you 20 years ahead of that person. Hopefully this makes sense.

lol it doesn’t. You need full coins for it to do that

.1 BTC? Sure, if it ever reaches $1B per coin…..maybe

Think this way globally there is around $900T+ if only 5-10% get in bitcoin in a decade or two you have btc market cap $50T-100T

It’s not a matter of what or how much. It’s a matter of time. BTC will 10x from this price point in 10 years

People that say .1 BTC will bring generational wealth are poor and come from poor familys. 100 million USD is about the low amount to go from wealth to generational wealth and even that will be gone in 2 generations most of the time. I would guess you really need 500-1000 whole coins and BTC would have to 2.5X from here.

Based on supply, 0.1 BTC is equivalent to 32oz of gold. Not generational wealth but it is life changing money.

Michael saylor predicts 13 million per bit coin. So if he’s accurate. Then that’s 1.3 million. Not generational wealth. But it’s pretty good. This is why you have to stack.

Hahahahahaha. This post is adorable

TIME makes it generational wealth. Your grandchildren will thank you but here’s the other thing: all that you stack, your kids might sell. They also have to understand Bitcoin and that they need to keep stacking and stay humble. All those posts about “If only I hadn’t sold all my Bitcoin when it reached X value I’d have Y dollars now” will be replaced with grand children complaining “If only dad hadn’t sold what grandad stacked…” posts. Saylor talked about how someone who sold their Bolivars for dollars thereby avoiding Venezuela‘s hyperinflation doesn’t buy back Bolivars. Your progeny has to understand fiat or they’ll sell your stack. Teach them sound money and your 0.1 might indeed go from being loss porn to generational sighs of relief.

It’s a great start is all. One step in a long line of needed steps. If you’re lucky enough to have that now, keep going. End game is always to get more imo

If you live outside of the West absolutely (and this doesn’t just include third world countries for the silly folks). Plus people have different goals,time horizons, etc so 1m to one more than enough. Could be barely a quarter to goal for another. This is why you worry about yourself lol

Generational? V slim chance. Great first target? Absolutely. Keep stacking

It doesn’t

It’s a number that enough holders believe non-holders can be convicted to be buy so that the pre-existing holders’ investments grow

No one really knows anything.

lol no it’s not

In some countries it can be generational wealth.

*takes a deep breath* It’s going to go up forever Laura…

It won’t but it will help you.

It won't. At least not in our lifetime. Don't listen to the bulltards.

Depends where you live and when said generation will benefit. When Bitcoin hits $10m usd post 2030 you will have a choice. HODL your .1 or borrow against it to start a business, buy housing/land, etc. Whatever you decided to do the hope is bitcoin will continue to increase in price and you have that this you borrowed for to bring in cash flow or have a house with land. Either way the bitcoin and that thing will be passed down. Your kids will have both and if they don’t fuck it up their kids too and so on

They are talking about taking that .1 btc and holding it for 50+ years and passing it onto children. Just buy and hodl

Only if Bitcoin became the global store of value in which case .1 btc would be estimated to be between 1-40 million

“Know when to cash out” lmao

Depends on how many generations from now you are talking about.

When you add another 9.9 BTC to it.

Depends where you live.

Even if the price of BTC eventually reaches $1m, $100,000 isn’t exactly in the realm of “generational wealth”.

Find an immortality potion?

People just sayin shit man... .0001 BTC is going to be generational wealth in the future. See I just said it so it's definitely true.

Move to Nigeria maybe? Not here in the USA. That isn’t even middle class, even if BTC hits $1M

If you dont have 1btc chances of getting rich are slim, meaning real money millions in the next 10-20 years.

Hi I have a question I am brand new to crypto and I would like some advice on a book to buy to get started

In a decade yes

Kinda strange the way people want to setup their kids to not have to work, because if you bring up spoiled brats they will be worthless humans who are entitled. Even if you can set your kids up for life and their kids, it would be important to teach them values and morals to not being a piece of sh!t of a person. You should still work hard and focus on making money while stacking sats. Plenty of people on here can make generational wealth from a business venture. Find a solution to a problem people are willing to pay for. A void that needs to be filled. Don't waste your time waiting for Bitcoin go up, go stake your own claim in life. Your destiny, is in your hands.

Deflation question I've suddenly started getting tv ads promoting bitcoin/crypto, and the one I just saw was commenting on how the dollar loses its value over time, where bitcoin doesn't because it has limited supply. Makes sense. But isn't deflation generally considered bad for the economy? It could obviously be beneficial for bitcoin investors, but if crypto was ever the actual default currency, I have to imagine the deflationary nature of it would be bad. I'm open to y'all's opinions and just curious about it. Edit: I should add that I am a skeptic about bitcoin as a default currency. Remember when everyone freaked out that the dollar inflated by 10% in a year. Bitcoin can do the same thing in one month. Or it could increase in value by 500% in a 6 month period, as it has before. I'm not very familiar with this sub, so apologies if this is a stale take. One last edit: Thank you for all being respectful and open minded in this conversation. Civil discourse is very important.

Deflation is only a problem to an economy that’s based on debt. Deflation is actually a fantastic (and natural) thing. Things SHOULD naturally become cheaper as our technology improves. Surely you’d agree that a simple water kettle would have cost more to produce 50, 100 years ago than today. 100 years ago it might take a craftsman quite a few hours of hammering to make a simple kettle, today you can get a fancy automatic pre-set temperature one with filtration and Bluetooth notification for less money. We have been told that deflation would mean disaster, that’s true because our society is filled to the brim with debt and credit. Almost all of our money is created out of thin air as part of the credit system, the bank borrowings. If things do get cheaper and cheaper, debts get harder and harder to service. In order to siphon value out of us we were told that “moderate inflation” would be essential for the economy, deflation must be avoided at all costs. Read The Price of Tomorrow by Jeff Booth.

It's promoted as bad by all the Keynesian economists that have a self interest in propping up the fiat system. People will still buy and invest in a deflationary economy IF they feel secured about the future. This is as it should be.

The Fiat system is set up to keep you spending your money instead of saving for the future. Bitcoin is the opposite.

Deflation is never bad for economy. Who would be angry with low prices? The argument against deflation is usually people will stop spending in hopes of lower prices in future. But I don’t see why if I want a PlayStation now I will wait for 3 years to get it. The only time when deflation was bad was during the Great Depression

I don't think you have a grasp on the subject. Price of Bitcoin going up and down is volatility. Think of Bitcoin like this. 1st edition charazard. There's so many. People can lose it. And it's value can yoyo depending if Pokemon is in or if the fad is over and the new thing is cs skins. Doesn't matter you still hold 1 charazard card regardless of price (because you're comparing it $$) Money or fiat. Is like you hold charazard card. And then they print 500 more identical cards next year and 5000 cards the year after. One is a limited asset who's value is dictated on whether people want it or not. Other is also desired (because debt is paid back in dollars so everyone who has debt. Which is a crap tonne of people seek it out by working to pay off their debt.) except the government prints it out of thin air and just devalues what you have and competes with you to purchase goods and services.

Just my perspective I’m no economist Humans have always been producers of abundance, the more abundant the goods we produce are, deflation states we should pay less for it. It might scare some because we live in a society where spending on cheap to produce things have been normalized and it’s what keeps cash flow running. I believe deflation forces innovation and quality to shine. Companies have to provide higher quality to get consumers to part with their sats In an inflationary economy, since dollars are continuously printed, you need more dollars to purchase the same good or service. Or we spend the same for less. It’s a silent killer.

>Remember when everyone freaked out that the dollar inflated by 10% in a year. Bitcoin can do the same thing in one month. No it can't. Supply increase is 3.125 BTC per block no matter what.

Someone earning 1 BTC a year today would be earning 1 BTC a year 100 years from now and still afford the same lifestyle. I don't see what's the problem?

The bitcoin changes in value over time! I don't know how else to explain it. If bitcoin continues to increase in price/value, one bitcoin would be worth more in the future than it does now. Just like how one bitcoin now is more valuable than it was 10 years ago. That is deflation.

Deflation discourages spending and investment in a traditional economy because your money gains value just sitting there. Bitcoin's deflationary model is better suited as a store of value, like digital gold, rather than a day-to-day currency.

If the dollar loses its value. So does bitcoin. Bitcoin is essentially backed by the dollar or what people are willing to pay for it. They perceive it as having value therefore it does.

A Bitcoin Children's Story Do we really need another children's book? There are many out there, but this one is mine.

god i fucking love bitcoin it fucking rocks. i just buy and buy and buy and i keep making money, i cant stop! this fucking orange thing is gonna pay for my kids kids kids college and im making sure to sink my balls as deep as they can go.

Get a room

make sure to use protection

God I fucking love fucking

I hope you don’t reproduce.

I follow this sub for the news but my god some of you are fucking insane.

Use protection bro

I love this fucking orange thing too. I am obsessed with Bitcoin and I am buying all the time

Chinese farmer

I buy as much as possible every chance I get and the price lately is beautiful 💯

I love bitcoin but hate the censorship by the mods here. Goes against what bitcoin is all about. Not allowed to question potential pitfalls about bitcoin.

Things not said at the bottom for $400, Alex

Gotta love newcomers that have so-far only experienced an up-only market. It's beautiful

Wash your shot rag

J.D. Rockefeller ova here.

Creaming too much huh OP? I know all much about that.

Don’t forget the diversify in case bitcoin crashes you maxi pad

You could be earning a yield on that bitcoin youre holding through Zeus Network HQ No kyc. No middle man. Just verifiable smart contracts There are places you can get over 100% apy rn because its new and they're doing mad promotions atm Just food for thought 🤷‍♂️

Was $124k the ATH for $BTC Bitcoin has been making lower lows since touching $124k. I’m just worried if this is the start of the end.

Sell your bag to us

10% chance short term.... If you think 124k is long term ATH, sell your sats here

Yep, it’s dead. Turns out humans don’t value scarcity or security. Bitcoin experiment is done. Wonder what value it dies at next.

Bitcoin CEO called for an end of summer sale - the September to Remember sales event is upcoming - then it's Uptober to No Dip November. Get ready

paper hands alert

Yes, btc is dead now

The start of the END. Man, some people just don’t get that 15-20% pullbacks are completely normal.

Likely will go under 100k briefly in September. It’s always a rough month. I’d expect to see 140k in October/November though

Well, I hope not.

180k will be ath

I see this bs and I’m like lower lows! I better check price. Still over 100k

Sell everything to me or cry later, bitcoin is dead.

Yes please sell thank you. It will never go there again as we all know.

its really all over ..... sell sell sell - you'll never regret it lol /s

Ledger nano S HELP 2.3 Bitcoin to recover My partner back in 2019 put our bitcoin on a ledger Nano S and then in 2020/2021 he was diagnosed with Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome….. that is “Wet Brain”…. Short or long term memory loss from Alcohol Abuse… Like for real… and he wouldn’t give me the pin or the code when he did it because he was slightly losing his mind at the time and he didn’t trust me even though we were together for 18 years in 2019 it was at 16 years so I never thought he would actually lose his memory. He was always really good at remembering or writing things down and putting them in a safe place but I don’t know where even it could be. We’ve moved a few times since then…. and he placed the ledger somewhere we couldn’t find it for years and then I just found it but he has no idea what the pin could be or what the 24 pass word thing…. Is there a chance that maybe he left it in his crypto.com account I’m scared to plug the ledger in even though I can turn it on with a micro USB and use the buttons on the side to see the screen, but I really don’t wanna mess it up and I already know nobody can hack it. I am not gonna give it to anybody. People have already tried to say that they can get it through it. Just let them get at it and no, I’m just here to ask what if he did leave it on his crypto page could have that been a possibility? Is it difficult to transfer it from your crypto account to the ledger? Is it a pin and a 24 word letter password you pick on your own or does it give you ideas of how to do it? I’m just at a complete loss and I would hate to lose this. I bought a bitcoin when it was $700 so there’s no way I can buy one now obviously

You’ll need either the recovery phrase or the PIN. There is no other way to recover the funds otherwise.

When he set up the ledger, it would have prompted him to write down the seed phrase (24 words) and then quizzed him on those words. Look for some little business card sized recovery cards that came with the ledger.

Also if it was on COINBASE and was not accessed since 2019/2020 would it have erased?

Also being in HAWAII idk what’s going on… I have not checked the ledger but was trying CRYPTO AND COINBASE to see and the whole wallet thing idk this is very confusing is there like a site that just explains this all or YouTube I will check and see if I find anything But if Anyone knows anything I would really appreciate it !!

Don't respond to any DMs, scammers prey on people like you who have no idea. They will also claim they can recover lost funds but you first need to pay a "withdrawal" or *tax" fee. Don't fall for it

Mental Relief I’m 25 and own 0.35 btc its cost me a lot pushing back having fun while I watch others my age make the most out of there early 20s, my goal is to stack 0.5 btc within the next 2 years so that means I must continue to delay gratification I find relief in spending my time in isolation ,studying bitcoin and hitting the gym while continuing to find my faith in god, I kick it with my girlfriend not often but occasionally . I’m very family oriented ,it’s just my mother, my sister and I. Just started investing in real estate and currently am working on growing my income through wholesale real estate My main objective is to own 1 btc by the age of 30 even if that means eventually taking on debt to buy more btc (in a bear market) I swear sometimes I feel like I’m going crazzzy because it’s like I’m chasing bitcoin and no one but this chat understands,while also having that fear of being wrong since it’s hard to find people in the real world with a similar mindset Much love to everyone and may we all accomplish our goals !

You sound like a good egg, don't get discouraged

Good for you, but you’re young. Don’t be afraid to have fun.

Keep stacking go for 1 BTC next!

Keep up the good work

25 here also, we’re pretty similar in our approaches it sounds like

Dude, the 'live now' thing is all bullshit. Stay strong. Better to retire early and not end up a wage slave

Props to you, you have high discipline and high morals, and already 0.35 BTC at (just) age 25 is awesome work! I'm in a different stage of life than you (46 yo, wage job, 3 kids and homeowner) - but I have a similar mindset. I stripped all excess/hedonistic/consumerist cost out of my life, which includes passing up on nights out eating/drinking and weekend getaways and stuff. Every $1 saved today is $10 or $100 towards my kids' future down the line.

Owning 0.35 BTC puts you in the elite of the elite. You're in the top one percent of the one percent. Just relax and keep stacking.

First, do not compare yourself to other people. As you have not lived their life & vice verse. So, everyone is on different paths with most likely the same end goal. Second, just dca & try to make money however to invest now & the forseeable future. Third, pat yourself on your back & just keep on striving forward. Do not ever compare yourself to other people. Yes admire them but not compare. Try & follow their path & run with the results. & move forward!! 😎

i skimmed through this n thought you said you find pleasure in hitting your gf i was like what

You’re not alone bro im grateful my job allows me to do overtime at the moment after I paid my bills I put everything I have left in bitcoin you not the only one that chasing it I’m doing it too let’s goo

You keep living by that motto, and I'm going to live by mine. You can't take it with you when you go. If you need to sell some to have fun, sell it and have fun. If it comes down to me having fun while I'm alive or putting it and an account so you can have it when I die? Guess what I'm going on the vacation to Hawaii while I'm alive, and I'm going to do all the things I wanted to do with my Bitcoin because I spent it to have fun while I'm alive I'm not saving it for you. The best thing about this world is your dream is not mine, you can do whatever you want with your dream and I'm going to do the same. GREED 🤣⭐

Keep going 🦾

Stack sats and stay humble brother 💪🏽

I hear ya brother.

Was doing the same back in 2017, friends were having fun while i kept spending time discovering blockchain, investing and trading. Got to $300k at the peak, lost everything in bear market. In 2021 i withdrew $1.2mil at the to, bought beautifull house and helped my younger brother to pay off his mortgage. Still holding 100% of money in crypto.

The most Important piece you got! Continuing to find your faith in God.

I think you reap what you sow. They have fun now, you have much stronger security later.

Don’t miss out on life bro

What you use for self custody??

The purchasing power of 35000000 sats will blow your mind in the future.

Keep learning and grinding - as it will payoff, but spend time with your lady and tell her what you are going to do (not try and do) and why it's important to you and she might jump on the same wagon.

If God doesn’t want to make us rich, there is no need to pursue this any more. Otherwise, God will make BTC rise very soon. However, the market is crazily manipulated now. What’s the point of retiring early or being rich? You feel you could have a better and happier life then, right? Then, why sacrifice today’s happiness for tmr’s happiness which is not even guaranteed. No one guarantees BTC will keep rising or even exist in the future. Don’t end up losing the most cherished moments and time for the sake of our own delusion. That’s how I feel now. I hate how the market is manipulated now. If you ever listen to Justinsun’s early classes in Chinese, he said he just became millionaires unexpectedly. He didn’t even know BTC exploded while he was struggling with his law school exam. If God would like to pour us with wealth, he will do. If God wouldn’t want to see us live happily and easily, he will also do. The answer is clear, he wouldn’t. Otherwise, you will already be happy. Ever since I invested in this industry, my life wasn’t as good as before. We sacrifice this year or two for a better future? Maybe you have to keep sacrificing until your entire life ends. No promised land! Recently, I understand maybe it’s all God’s will. He chooses certain ppl over the other. If not loved or chosen, no need to experience more pain in this life. No euphoria ending. That’s how life is. No need to live and experience more pain.

Ur doing good. But don't stress about staking BTC if you are not having fun. You dont get the years back!

you can’t even articulate why this is nonsense because I am telling the inconvenient truth you don’t want to admit

Excellent choices, and as someone who made similar choices, I am very grateful for my younger self for having made them AND if I could do it again, I would have allocated more time and money to enjoy more of those years. There’s a handful of trips my friends went on that they STILL talk about and sometimes I wish I’d gone. Also, because they started to see what I was doing they actually stopped inviting me eventually. Hurts to go on IG and see them all go on vacation, when I could now afford it, and they’re used to not asking me to join. Stay disciplined, and stay human.

24, same thing. Keep stacking sats and chill. Why act like everyone else when you don’t want the same fate of everyone else?

You don't need to spend money to have fun.

Good luck!

Don’t waste your youthfulness , make sure to enjoy life, not just stacking. If have to save consider a second job to save something more. It’s admirable your discipline but make sure that you live the life too. Whether BTC hit 1m or not only time will tell, living life should not be dependent on that.

> growing my income through wholesale real estate I have no idea what any of this means. Can anyone explain it to me?

I spent all of my 20s and 30s working and stacking in life. No balance in life. I too watched all my friends go on numerous vacations and live it up. Today I am 47 and am very close to an 8 figure net worth with no debt. My regrets are that I missed a lot of my children’s youth. They will be financially setup in life and that was my goal. It’s nice to have a lot of money in life, but just be careful what you wish for as you might just get it.

You’re rockin’ this, bruh. Two suggestions: 1. Never buy anything naked; don’t take on debt to buy, well, anything, but especially BTC. Just keep putting away small chunks and let it ride. 2. Add some physical gold to your portfolio by buying less than $10k with CASH from small coin shops. Store it in a small fire proof safe. 2a. Maybe add a little junk silver too.

Only thing I can say you only 20 ones. And money is just money. Just try to do both enjoy life and invest.

Just remember your only young once, dont waste your life away for money. But also investing while your young is the best advice I never got

Do you think the happiest ppl/ richest in the world is the smartest, the most disciplined, the most hard working or those who can take more pains? No. They are just lucky. Period. God let them know BTC the rightest time, God gave them the knowledge, the intelligence and curiosity to invest. Why God wouldn’t give us? The answer is clear, he prefers certain over the other. I saved to the last penny for the last few years , it’s been a while I haven’t eaten undiscounted fruits. Don’t say I am just too greedy. The greed is even programmed to me. I used to be very happy with my low salary, then my friend, my parents and ppl around looked down on me simply because my salary was not good. That’s where my greed came from. I have to admit God just doesn’t like me

I’m 31, stacking BTC and a few alt coins, couple of meme coins for fun! Same plan, just do nothing… Hardest thing to do when you see the pot growing! I’m with you bro,

How are you prepared for Bitcoin losing value? You seem to think that it is destined to keep going up forever, but if that was a certainty, everyone would own Bitcoin instead of the couple percent of the world population that actually do. I hope that Bitcoin will succeed, but it might not. How will you feel when that happens and you’re all-in?

Man when the rug gets pulled you'll be devastated

This the kind of stuff that keeps people away from Bitcoin.

So even if I have a full bitcoin tomorrow I’m still screwed?

Dumbest thing ever. Just buy and hodl like you would any stock

Mods let this vapor get posted but they nuke my survey post with insightful Bitcoin ownership data 🤔

Simple, buy and just hold.

that's so stupid. If BTC hits 5 million in 2040, 0.4 BTC will still be 2 million. if you can't retire on 1 million in cash and another 0.2 BTC in your wallet, then you're living in the wrong place.

Nah this guy was just trolling. I follow him. Meant to tell him it was a poor one.

Wow, so max 15-20 million people (or however many bitcoins we think aren’t lost forever) can retire from here on out 😔

They are talking about 60 year olds obviously

No it doesn’t. Nobody gives a shit what other people write

If you hold any portion of Bitcoin, it's important to recognize that the influential figures in the Bitcoin industry are unlikely to let it fail. As a result, your piece of Bitcoin could be worth a significant amount of money soon.

What if I have enough to retire my in my 401k? I still can’t retire??

so some random ass dude's xweet keeps you away from bitcoin? may be stop being constantly online and touch some grass.

Sad because it’s not even true. As though people can’t continue to work and earn money. Not everyone is a hobo living off their small bitcoin stash indefinitely. Bitcoin is an accelerant, but you have to keep feeding the flame.

Gatekeeping of any kind is harmful and makes people doubt joining communities- even if it's a joke. It's text and there's no nuance or context so people will take it all sorts of ways. Set up an affordable DCA plan like 10/20/100 week and forget about it. Remove the emotion entirely and start saving your life energy into an asset that doesn't rot value out from under you.

People often project their own fears when they post. Stay calm and keep stacking.

Young kids not understanding time

Intention is right but messaging can be better.

How does this even make any sense. So these people assume bitcoin is the only answer and will overtake most global currencies? If that’s the case then wouldn’t having like 0.1 bitcoin be more than enough? If bitcoin just over takes gold then having stocks and normal currency would be more than enough to retire without having even one sat. Idiotic.

I mean yeah they’re right. I have 2000 in BTC … avg cost 116k I shud / could prob make more trading stocks Idk. Like is my 2k gonna do anything

Damn. My paid off house. 0.7 btc. 200k vanguard at 38. How will I ever retire.

That guy must be fun

You can only retire if you sell it. Jokes on you. I'm holding it forever

These Americans have no conception of the outside world

I have 0.5 btc so when it finally hits 200k I will have a full one!!

BTC is tomorrow's brk-a i.e. Berkshire Hathaway @ $ 750000

Well it's xitter, people say braindead shit for engagement.

Many countries are adopting Bitcoin (BTC) as a viable currency, and even the president is in favor of it. Personally, I don't have strong feelings for or against him, but I do observe that when major companies like JP Morgan, Bank of America, Charles Schwab, Fidelity, and BlackRock are investing, there's a 75% chance that Bitcoin will behave like gold. This is just my opinion, and I want to clarify that I am not a professional. I do my own research, listen to various viewpoints, and manage my investments using my own algorithm. I foresee Bitcoin reaching $140,000 by the second week of September. Again, this is just my opinion, and I respect differing viewpoints. For those who are open to the idea and looking to invest, it might be worth giving it a try. It doesn't hurt to make money, but losing it can be challenging. I hope this makes sense, and I welcome any constructive comments.

This whole thing about owning a whole coin is dumb. Just DCA and get as much as you can.

Just buy BTC. easy

Most people who don’t have 1 bitcoin today, will never have 1 bitcoin. If you can’t afford it today, how much will you buy when it hits $250k, $500k, $1mil?

It's true. Nut up.

It’s not crazy to say: Bitcoin probably isn’t going to $50M in our lifetimes.

How much do you need to retire?

The truth hurts.

Shit like this turns newcommers to buttcoiners.

I have more than 1 bitcoin in value in equity stocks. I'll be ok.

Also plenty of us that bitcoin is part of a diverse portfolio.

Reddit is the site of woke sleep sheep. That in itself doesn't make sense but describes Reddit perfectly.

This is totally not true, Do your research and you’ll realise way smaller percentages will create life changing money,

Unfortunately it appears to be true. Looking at the price action of this cycle 1 million BTC seems unrealistic until at least 20-30 years from now. 1 million is certainly not enough to retire....

I like how all these influencers they get lower and lower now it’s like .0001 of a bitcoin to retire next month it’s gonna be like you just need to look at a bitcoin and magically you can retire like lmfaoo

Even with 1 BTC you may still not have enough. It all depends on your timeline and adoption rate.

By this logic only 21 million people will ever be able to retire, and that is assuming uniform distribution and non lost to time.

As everyone here is joking, this is objectively false. If you are retiring next year, sure it's true. But for the vast majority of us, we will be just fine. It's a far better investment than VOO or SPY imo. And even if not, we were screwed either way. But I seriously doubt the last part.

Why not tell me earlier,i can’t purchase a full one now😌

We need to talk in terms of sats now as the ordinary person can’t afford 1 BTC 100,000,000 sats though….

Yea, says Bitcoin Rachy 😂😂😂

You can retire with zero bitcoin.

This is what a number bias looks like. Make sure you kids learn math .

The ROI for Bitcoin, makes me think it's a good investment. It's the community and people who shill for it, who make me think something is wrong with it. I hardly ever hear anyone give a measured balanced analysis. Almost everyone sounds like a broken record televangelist in a loop going buy, DCA, buy, DCA, with little nuance or variation. It's even worse on Twitter where they run bots at you 24/7 If people would just shut the fuck up and let the numbers do the talking, the whole crypto industry would feel a lot more sustainable and credible to me. And some of the worst human beings on earth are leading the charge, that doesn't help either. Though throughout history wealth obviously has little to do with one's character.

Need context lol, im sure it meant for 50yo people, if you're 20s 0.1-0.5 could be good amount later even for retirement set.

Why do we give a flying fuck about anonymous brain farts on X?

But its not an incorrect statement

Ok boomer?!

Well he's kinda right though. With price going up soon again most won't have the chance to obtain 1 btc. In order to retire comfortably in a developed Western country you need more than 1 btc.

Poster like this are probably some dumb ass frat boys, that either got extremely lucky or are straight up lying about their assets. I'm willing to bet these type of people find a way to fail regardless

This person is an idiot

I hope the value crashes so I can afford some

So I get that he's trolling. But for the statement to be true, you'd need to expect BTC to stop increasing in value / purchasing power and start decreasing. That's what it would take to make it unworkable as retirement savings. Bitcoin going up forever and putting whole coins permanently out if reach makes it a better savings vehicle, not worse, and I think some people need to hear that when they say it's too late for the little guy.

Lots of comments such as this are driving normal folks away. To include the cold wallets. While yes, it's the best way to store BTC, the masses are not going to do that. And as soon as they hear it's "unsafe" to keep it on an exchange (which to them means bank), they don't buy. Too complicated. Instead, lead them to "safer" exchanges to get them started and then when they are ready, they can cold wallet. And while it's true 0.1 BTC will not retire you in 2033, it's still a great investment turning $10k today into $100k then.

People think bitcoin is going to save them lol

DCA keep it moving.

I'll buy it next year for 50k or 60k

There are too many conflicting group-thinks trying to fight for supremacy. A tale as old as time

I just bought some more bitcoin last night

It's just dumb engagement bait.

Contradicting statement?

Ya... I may not make enough off this investment to retire soley off this investment but that doesnt mean its not gonna help...im not dead yet, I still work, and a can still buy more.

crazy this slop can get posted but legitimate questions i have about michael saylor being insane and other well meaning questions like energy usage get nuked off the sub within seconds.

Couldn’t agree more. That account is a know it all who grandstands in every opinion provided.

Can I buy one Tuesday and then have enough to retire ?

If you don't have one Bitcoin today, now you're aware and it's never too late.

He is not wrong.

Well bitcoin isn’t my entire retirement, so..

Agreed, this has weird echos of Realtor fomo-taglines from 2006.. 'Buy now or be priced out forever'. In a free market economy anyone who says that generally full of shit or has something to sell. that said, keep stacking. bitcoin is & always will be 200 day moving average, you just have to be patient for 200 days.

Unfollowed this guy years ago.

I’ll stick with equities. I just don’t have faith in crypto.

"Maybe you don't exist in the future you're worrying about". Don't make your life miserable by chasing number.

What if I have 100 billion USD?

Does any of it matter? Not like money is even real it’s the value we put on an item. Get hit by a car turn into a paraplegic it don’t matter how many bitcoins you got.

So over 50 million millionaires globally so not even millionaires will have a full bitcoin. If that doesn't tell you what the worth will be, not sure what will. Bitcoin took over 40 years to perfect, which it is. It's digital property, energy, gold, currency, etc. Just get what you can get. 21st century money.

It's just an opinion. You can ignore it if you want to.

Who’s to say if they’re wrong or right but as the network grows Bitcoin will be the only way to preserve wealth against deflation. No, everyone won’t retire on bitcoin. That’s the reward for being bold and early. But everyone can still benefit from the Bitcoin network.

Instead they’ll have their money stolen by inflation and the devaluation of the dollar to infinity. Printed essentially out of existence.

Just keep stacking. Thats crypto and daily work. Grind and get it as many ways as you can!

Yeah we all know bitcoin isn't a get rich quick scheme. Anyone who is buying btc because they think they're gonna be a billionaire who will never have to work again at 35 is kidding themselves.

I wish! … I have three at 32k each and I still can’t retire 😅

Bitcoin is perfect money, it's about preserving and respecting your contribution by saving in bitcoin it doesn't matter if you start with zero today but start for god’s sake and don't get caught up in those artificial units. There are generations not born yet who will benefit from bitcoin. Bitcoin will always remain criminally undervalued, so stop wasting time and start stacking!

I know people that have 15 million in mutual funds and they are retired

That person is dumb posting that in 2025. Now if it was back in 2015 then every got a chance at it and get it early.

Nah, this is possibly the hard truth.

Classic scam tactic, fears / greeds?

The real winners are the og guys. New guys are just profit for them.

I think that 0.5 would be enough for me if my lifestyle stays the same, but considering inflation, having a full bitcoin might be safer

Gosh, everyone wants to live lavishly. Get as much wealth as you can, of course. I’m trying after all, but chill. What do you expect retirement to be? Eating out every day, week, month?

Not wrong though. Saving in crypto seem like a complete loss

Bitcoin adoption timeline Years ago I saw a post on this subreddit where someone was pretty accurate on their adoption timeline for bitcoin. I haven’t seen or been able to find it for quite some time but would like to check in again. There were 10-15 points I believe starting with cryptographers and working its way up to institutional adoption and global reserve currency if I remember correctly. Does anyone happen to know of the post I’m thinking of or have a link to what they think it is?

plz someone find it for us

Maybe this

.bin archive wallet backups I have a couple of these from 10 years ago. Probably had a fraction of a dollar then and hundreds of dollars now. Any idea how to open a .bin?

Use BTCrecover to extract keys Could have been from this wallet? [

Buy! 🥊🇷🇺 “If he dies, he dies… but if you HODL, you rise.” Ivan Drago doesn’t break — and neither does Bitcoin ⚡🐂 The market can punch, but BTC always gets back up. 🥶🔥 #IvanDrago #Rocky4 #CryptoMeme #Bitcoin #BTC #CryptoCommunity #HODL #BuyTheDip #StackSats #BTCArmy #Bullish #CryptoChamp #BitcoinFighter

Why is nobody going crazy about buying rn look at the weekly graph even newbies can see how perfect a time it is to buy rn Between 108k and 105k is like the most perfect spot to buy at this time so go buy you eggs

Bitcoin is dead this time for real 😉

BTC has a reliable habit of dipping like this every time I'm completely broke.

i did stack more as I agree...but the whale who dumped moved more to the exchange so maybe another?

People are, they just don't need to advertise every decision they make on reddit.

Because September is coming

I am, but my pennies don’t move the price much

Because if you've been here more than 4 years you know whats coming.

Why? Because we buy like crazy every week! 🤘

I spent all my extra cash in bitcoin at 111k

Because we’ve been through 4 cycles? I’ll buy again once she’s 60% off the top

Newbies will FOMO back in when we get back above 120k

Guyysss buy now, check the weekly it has a Bullish Reversal Pattern, also we have resistance that became a support level. Thank you!

Most buyers are quietly accumulating

Because I’m buying daily

You think everyone has discretionary income to buy Bitcoin whenever they want? Wake up brother, we live in the real world.

[this is why](

It's about to peak and tumble back down to 50k. I'll wait another year. Sure I can make some money now. But the real gain is riding it back up to the top again.

I buy every week 🤗🤑

Because I dont have any dry powder

need some $

WHO U CALLIN AN EGG

Because this sub is full of losers and shills that post shit like this

When it so “perfect to buy” whales can easily make one last shakeout play to make sure the retail ran out of money to buy the best part of the dip.

It’s gonna keep going down until Oct. stack fiat and buy when you can’t wait anymore.

There is a saying in trading….. don’t try and catch a falling knife. The weekly chart is a falling knife right now. Smart money waits for confirmation

Waiting for the slow bleed to 99k

I just bought one bitcoin this week. But im pretty sure this cycle is coming to an end very soon.

Because they’re waiting for it to crash to the 50s/60s/70s

Plenty of people are going crazy smdh

I gotta be ready for hurricane season

Personally I am waiting for the bear market to buy around $80,000 next year. No point in buying rn for me

I don’t get excited because I’m staking no matter what 50K, 150k doesn’t matter to me. Happy to exchange USD for Sats

Is it’s going to 80

Because it could go a lot lower..

Weekly macd just crossed to the downside while ad continues to show sellers gaining strength. We'll see tmwhat the price action does, though.

Every day is a good time to exchange your shit coins for bitcoins. Yes. This includes fiat

Oh we’re buying. We’re so busy buying that we don’t have time to talk about it on RDDT

I have been man, chill

100/110K$ is a nice spot to accumulate, ~15/20% off.

Hey hey hey hey hey… C’mon now! I bought today - I’m someone! (sniff)

Buy high sell low

Don’t encourage people to buy. I want to get more of a discount in a weeks time.

Give me money then ill buy

No 90k is better imo

I am DCAing since 2023 and I don't care about the price.

I keep telling people... 67k first

I went heavily in at $111-12K, it will be $1M anyway

Honestly ... at this point in the psycle who has and fiat left to buy?

It's holiday season.

Because you never go crazy with this, regardless how perfect the moment seems to be. Because the moment is most like not perfect, and it never will be. You can't predict the market. Just DCA, buy when you can afford to lose it, and forget about it.

Because it's a terrible time to buy

cash poor / btc rich

I aint got no usd!

Hope it goes to zero. Bet to zero

Nunchuk Multisig/Inheritance Feature Looking for feedback on the above, especially the inheritance feature. I’ve come to the conclusion that I cannot rely on wife/family to recover my funds easily if I was gone. I’ve considered collaborative custody but I’m not paying a 1% stack fee per year which is basically a wealth tax. Thanks in advance Edit: To be a bit clearer a local Australian company charges a 1% stack fee.

Check out unchained dot com

Where are you getting the 1% fee thing?

Small weekly buys? Just curious if there is any difference in buying $20/week vs $80 a month at one time. Should I be looking at gas fees or spreads changing? I use Coinbase and RH so there’s that.. Thanks!

Use River for no fee DCA. I DCA daily

If Bitcoin were to move sideways forever, would you still believe in it? I feel like most people nowadays treat bitcoin as merely a ticket to financial freedom. The major discussion revolves mostly around whether we can predict a pump or crash, and speculation about increased adoption are only discussed as this could lead to a price surge. Not as a goal on its own. Everyone is encouraging others to simply hold for investment purposes. This makes me genuinely curious, and I'm not even sure myself, but would you still hold bitcoin if it would be impossible to use it as a proper investment? Solely as a peer-to-peer currency or a decentralised storage of value? This discussion has gotten more important since the increased hype around stablecoins. The use cases of stablecoins are dominating the news headlines lately. Companies like Paypal are creating stablecoins for e-commerce purposes, while governments like that of the US may use them as a strategic tool to strengthen their grip on the global economy. Don't you think that they're stealing some of Bitcoin's magic? Bitcoin aims to democratize the use of currency. But do you think that as of 2025, we are still pathing towards this objective? EDIT: I think I should have added the word "hypothetical" to the title. Too many people are trying to convince me of the impossibility of this thought experiment. Also some typos.

Bitcoin's endgame is to move sideways forever on a real basis. But as fiat inflates away, there is 0 possibility that bitcoin continues to go sideways, it will go up vs things that are inflating. That is 100% a certainty. But the end game of bitcoin is as a safe store of value, not as an investment vehicle. The only reason bitcoin is an investment vehicle today is that most people still don't understand/trust bitcoin.

If it moved sideways forever, then it's ready to be used as currency. We aren't there.

It can’t move sideways forever. That’s the whole thing about bitcoin, it has a capped supply and the dollar has an infinite supply. Bitcoin has no top because the dollar will continue to be printed forever until it fails. Same thing is true for gold.

Up forever Laura.

If it remained flat, it would also be losing value, so means it would be failing at its new found purpose of being a store of value. Doesn’t mean I won’t be prepared for potential years of flat or red. Long term tho if it stayed flat I would lose interest. Seems unlikely to not continue to trend upwards for a number of reasons. Limited supply with diminishing issuance, more people understanding and wanting Bitcoin, institutions understanding and wanting Bitcoin. Demand would have to fall in order to remain flat, given new supply will be cut in half again in 2028.

Explain what you mean by " believe in it"

Was this written by a robot? It won't go sideways forever. Get on with your life.

Yes, Bitcoin for me is not about making money. its about having something no one can take away form you. No one can close your account etc. Been in since 2013 before it was about making money and i still look at it the same way.

1 btc always equals 1 btc. The fact that its valued more against a dying currency like the dollar is just a side bonus.

Majority of the population doesn’t invest and keep their money in fiat or stay in debt. So if Bitcoin moves sideways, guess it’s better than just holding fiat and losing value lol.

That would mean nations and central banks stopped printing and devaluing currency. That ain’t happening anytime soon.

If it stays still, without losing purchasing power, it will still be worth it. For me, the value of BTC is in self-custody, it's mine and no one takes it from me, so if it increases or maintains purchasing power it's still worth it... an asset that no one can take away from me😑!

For bitcoin to go sideways forever would mean either the dollar is no longer debased ever again or bitcoin's 21M limit is continually expanded to stay at-par with the printing of dollars. Neither of those two things will happen.

Bitcoin is trying to become sound money…once you understand this you’ll see why it’s either going to be much much higher or 0

Let's imagine a world where Bitcoin has replaced cash. Whatever the world's global monetary supply is now, is replaced with sats. What happens to bitcoin purchasing power over time, if/when there is no fiat, and we're all just buying and selling using sats/bitcoin?

Its only useful as money in America if it gains adoption. And its not possible to gain adoption and not increase in price.

If Bitcoin were to flatline for ever more, fiat is losing value every second.

Once you understand Bitcoin, mathematically it doesn’t make sense for Bitcoin to go sideways forever. The game is as long as governments in the world print fiat currency, Bitcoin will go up over the long term. The only way I can see Bitcoin going sideways is if governments stop printing fiat currency which is not possible in a debt base system. You mentioned stablecoins but the thing with stablecoins is that it is just fiat currency with blockchain rails. Stablecoins does not solve the issue of fiat currency since governments can make more of it. Stablecoins will just accelerate bitcoins price even more over the long term.

I would use it, idk what believe in it means. it's a currency. as long as the vendors I want to buy from accept it I'll use it

Bitcoin, 24/7 has two constants that push the price upward. The supply decreases from the coin being mined and inflation is ever present. Yes, there are often market forces which dominate the price downward, but that is not constant, and obviously, the two upward forces have pushed it up to where it is today and will continue to do so. Literally treat bitcoin like a retirement account. Do not touch it except in extreme emergencies. You can literally project out how much you will have in 5-10 years based on a fixed DCA amount. It’s nice to know I am on the path to retirement two decades early. Bitcoin is likely going to $1M by 2028-2030. Possibly $2-5M+ by 2035. For a while, people needed to be whole coiners to retire early. That won’t necessarily need to be the case.

My dumb ass was ok with it losing value every year and I would still buy it and use it. Just as long as the 21 million stays true.

Move sideways forever with the U.S. dollar? No, because that would mean BTC would lose me 2-3% of purchasing power per year, as well as more significant lost opportunity cost. For me BTC is a better store of value than gold, because I expect it to appreciate in value vs. the U.S. dollar at a far higher rate than gold in the medium to long term. Once I no longer think this, I will sell BTC and buy gold, or another asset.

Ah! This is like asking if a tree falls in the middle of the woods, will anybody hear it. Answer: who cares!

But it's not gonna move sideways forever dude..Don't u remember when it was 9 to 12 cents and people were like ugh will this ever hit a dollar??

If it moved sideways forever, its already better than the fiat that goes down forever.

No. But that's not going to happen after it's all mined. It will either crash or grow exponentially.

If it goes sideways then it means the money has been fixed so no it won’t. The fed keeps printing

Once bitcoin replaces fiat money, it will still keep going up forever in terms of purchasing power. That is because purveyors of goods and services will need to compete to earn bitcoin. There will not be a government who can kick down its value like they do to dollars by printing them.

I think in the end it will go sideways forever. That’s kind of the whole idea of it.

Well that’s what they say about gold

its not gonna

Not possible. As long as we have currency inflation, population growth etc, BTC will rise.

I have no problem abandoning an investment source that isn't producing anymore, but it would have to remain stagnant for at least a few years.

I'd still hold. Bitcoin isn't just an "investment", it's insurance. It's the only asset in the world no government can inflate, freeze, or dilute. That doesn't lose its value even if the chart stops moving. Stablecoins might win payments. Fine. They're convenient but they're still tied to fiat. Bitcoin is the base layer - the vault no one can touch. That's why institutions are hoarding it and why serious players never sell. When they need liquidity, they borrow against BTC on platforms like Nеxo and keep stacking. So yeah, I'd hold. Because freedom > fiat. Price is just the short-term language people use to measure it.

What’s the belief here? Also if it goes sideways forever people might start using it instead of hoarding, which is a good thing. However that will drive the price up as well. It’s just btc is no longer a target of investment. If you know it goes sideways no matter what happens.

Yes because I hate banks

90% of the time it moves sideways in a 20-30% range before it breaks the said range up or down depending on the season/volume.

Sideways wouldn't be ideal in the long term since inflation would eat your value. But if it moved up with inflation levels it would still be a solid hedge.

inflation will always be a thing regardless. Better park some of your money in bitcoin than keeping cash. Gold, stocks, property and bitcoin

It either goes up, or it goes away. "Going sideways"W would mean it depreciates like fiat.

It will always be indexed on a fiat, and all fiats are necessary and unstable so the question can not happen Bitcoin can not replace all fiat,

Is will be moving sideways forever wouldn’t it? If it doesn’t then I’d think time had stopped.

Bitcoin moves in mysterious ways

Yea,, it can stay at $1m forever

If a bitcoin were $500,000, would you sell it? What will happen to your $500,000 million? It would erode to inflation year over year, possibly very fast in events like 2008 or COVID, or worse in the event of wars or government takeovers and revolutions. Bitcoin could be $1000 or $1MM, it is peer traded and impervious. The fiat price of BTC is for it's value, so it's a Pandora's box that the fiat value of BTC is respective to the value of fiat.

The use would be the same at any usd level ounce you understand this the answer is easy

Forever is a long time. Also, that’s not mathematically possible thanks the math in BTC

Nope. That would imply that adoption has ceased and I'd rather have my money making more money elsewhere

What a fucking retarded question. "If the USA stopped printing money, would you believe in fiat?" Sure, bro. Sure.

The only reason people invest is they want to make money in the future, if not no reason to invest

I found the current bitcoin analysis irl!

Let go!!! BTC all day!

If there was any more of a reason that Bitcoin is the future! I am traveling to Puerto Rico to see Bad Bunny and I pay off my credit card with Citi Bank of $14,000 down to 0 on The 27th. It clears my bank the 28th. I go to use my card today and it declines, “oh that’s weird” I call up citi and they shut my card off for verification of the payment I made. The lady told me I paid too much of my Bill. “What!?!!!” Long story short it took about 30 minutes for them to three way call Chase and Chase had to verify the payment cleared on the 28th and they just turned my card back on with my full available balance. This is why we need to cut out the banks. I paid too much of my bill!?! Insane

A few years ago **Truist Bank** closed my accounts and kept my money without any warning. Customer Service reps, supervisors, bank managers, etc., didn't know why and weren't able to help. As a last ditch effort I emailed the CEO about it who passed me off to one of his underlings to investigate further. It turned out that their Fraud department erroneously flagged my accounts because my recently deposited check (from my Fortune 500 employer) was deemed to be suspicious, but didn't even make note of it in my records. When my funds were finally released I demanded accrued interest payments for unjustifiably seizing my assets for 45 days, but they responded how their policy didn't allow them to do that. When I filed complaints to various regulatory agencies, they basically said I had no grievance because my funds were eventually returned.

They were counting on you to keep paying interest so that another guy could withdraw money from their fractional reserve :p

It sure shows you the power of blockchains for settlement. They totally could implement something that is much quicker than what they do right now.

I pay my cards end of month…free interest hack lol

And now you are $14k in debt for the price BB is charging. Have fun, my niece is super jealous

You need a bank but they can do what they wanr and you are alone. At best you get your money back after 3-6 months after a lot of time-consuming hard work. Normal law-abiding citizens ard being hit the hardest while criminals can laundry millions of dollars and noone cares.

You were 14k in debt and paid it off in one. Of course that's suspicious. You might have paid it off in BTC, the next guy paid it off in cocain. Both absolutely should be investigated.

Right, because having a third party give you essentially free insurance against fraud is a bad thing? How do I do a charge back or get reimbursed for fraudulent crypto transactions again?

Usually anything over $10k gets flagged.

Sounds like the problem was with the credit card company, not the bank… the bank paid/cleared it but the credit card company didn’t trust it…

Currency this volatile is not the future, it would be widely accepted and able to be used if that was the case. In reality it is a useless currency controlled by big corporations, hedge funds and etf's and is highly reliant on computing power and electric. Pump it up, they sell, you hold. Rug pull , little guy is holding the bag. This is a means to facilitate money laundering, Rico ants, and find criminal organizations.

Stop using a credit card. End of issue.

Omg. This happened with PayPal and AMEX for me

I currently see no future outside of few spaces like criminal activity, speculative trading etc. Why would any sane person/company use bitcoin in their day to day Operations? Its hard to use and fluctuates. There may be other cryptocurrencys, but i doubt they will be Adapted by enough people to make a difference. In the end everybody wants fiat currency to pay their bills and i think that wont change in the future.

Malaki future ni bitcoin sa hinaharap lalo na unti unti na syang nakikilala ng mga tao dami na nag iinvest

You are absolutely clueless about what the main problem is

There is going to be some bad bunnies out there with nice cakes. Only reason to go see Bad Bunny is for the Fine Bunny's lol or else who the hell would go see that fool perform, lol. Priorities

Remember… it’s Bitcoin that’s for criminals

The article reminds readers that the Chinese government restricts its nationals from moving too much fiat money (equivalent of ~$50,000 USD) out of the country per year, which incentivizes this kind of illicit activity.

Crime only happens with BTC, never cash 🤪

Here goes TD bank, laundering the funds.

Yeah bro, 300B laundered thru banks but sure… btc is da real criminal money 😂 classic clown world vibes

“FED is the nicest organization that cares about its people and the sovereignty of money” Meanwhile Fed…….

Jamie Dimon to the launderers rescue

Fiat House If that ain’t the truth.

You lease an 800 sq ft apartment but every year your living space decreases 9% for the same cost.

Does your rent have monthly inflation adjusted lol

Isn't that the the old Fiat automotive logo?

You buy the penthouse and after a few years your in the cellar.

Fiat money fiat food fiat houses fiat humans fiat asses fiat music fiat fiat fiat

My little meme A few days ago I saw in this subreddit a very funny meme. It was the B of Bitcoin for "Buy" and the S of Dollar for "Sell". A few hours ago, it made me think of this less-funny-but-still-a-little-funny idea, so I generated it. Thank you for your consideration, and I hope I'm not the 100th person thinking of it...

Literally $bull this week

Still bitcoin value is measured in USD 😂

DCA at 16? I saved up a couple thousand dollars with jobs and side hustles. I want to invest in bitcoin and this is my plan.Right now my dca is 30 euro’s and I will invest 75% of my salary into btc. Also I am keeping some money on my account so that I can buy more in the dip. Any things I should know?

Don’t leave the money on an exchange. Use a wallet and securely store your seed phrase. Other than that, nope! Have fun! Good job on saving up your money and planning for the future 🙂

I hope you have a trusted adult to buy for you, because I don't think you can at 16

Found in my garage. I forgot I had this

I wait for the day I’m at such a point in life to forget I have something like this

A bit late now, but would have been profitable in the last decade.

Just curious, do you remember what the specs were? How many gh/s? How much power used? Were you earning any BTC at all via pool mining back in the day?

Can it run doom?

Rev up those fryers

What's the make/model?

I got so fucked over during that time. I 'invested' in Cognitive and ActiveMiner. They never got their shit in time and Active 'lost' their coins in the mtgox fiasco. I bet Kenneth Slaughter is sitting on a nice pile containing a couple of my coins after some were released. Did theymos ever use his fortune to 'upgrade the forum'?

I mean my rent is including electricity…. Could be the move.

Who are you people who forget about these devices. It's just foreign to me. I could tell you three places in my home where you could find a spare USB type b cord.

It’s a Gonkulator. Newer model.

I have like 10 sitting my garage doing nothing

I should go find my Butterfly Labs Jalapeño!

Looks really clean for something that stays in the garage haha Did you have any btc left on it?

All my coins are pumping rn, it’s a nice change from the last couple of weeks! I got in on the discounts, and now I have to chill till the bills for the month are paid.. but yea it’s nice to see em all green again!

But what is it?

Dude it's definitely not worth it. I'm at $0.16 I have an s19 that's sitting in my closet because it's not even close to profitable. It actually loses me about $20 a month at $0.16kwh. and it was hashing pretty well at about 106khs

You should've disassembled it further to check for "bitcoins" inside that.

This might be valuable in 20-30 years if BTC adaption becomes mainstream.

How many btc did it mine in its day?

Oh that brings back memories from 5 plus years ago.

Just start bitcoin 2.0 with same exact code and start mining that. Dm me too if you do cause ill invest.

What could have been. If you would have had free electricity back in 2016 and plug this into run for 1 year and stacked the 38 coins it would have me mined you. You sir would be a millionaire.

You found Anton!

Cool space heater!

How can you forget that 😂😅

Are you selling ? I’ll buy it

That's the thing you need when your rooftop solar produces more than you can use, and the electricity company refuses to pay you for feeding in.

Did it have anything on it?

Frankly it's a nice museum piece. I'm sure some poeple are willing pay alot for it.

Its a paperweight now

How long did you just have it lying around?

I also have one and am thinking about lottery mining in the solo pool with surplus electricity from the solar power plant!

The glory days

Uso parin ba ang mga mining rig ngayon sa crypto? Pero sure ako sobrang mahal na nyan ngayon

Mine nearly burnt down my house - the power box failed.

More like 200xd and u couldve just coneected it to a warehouse or rich neighbors house to avoid electric bill 💵 j.s

How can you forget such a thing?

Bitcoin mining rig I had 6 of them myself in 2017

Is it for sale?

I had 12 mining machine with my friend. It look like your big ass fan in the back and it was in a nice inclosure. I have lots of physical problem so I am of the market to work I have to much hospital problem. So I was able To get a ( HLM ) a nice apartment all included with electricity also included for 25$ . Everything connect , we set it up then start everything the noise they made. Oh my god it’s was making so much noise it was impossible to live in the apartment so I move in with my gf for a bit everybody on my floor made a noise complaint for a buzzing sounds one then said it was buzzing sound similar to a grow operation , the buzz was from ballast and fans . Anyway the police came we the right papers to come in with the ( hlm ) security department. I got a call from my agent and she offer me 2 option 1. Gtfo with your electricity hungry or take everything out. Choice was simple I can have this apartment for 20% of what a I get each month. So we bring the machines over to my friends house, set up everything the noise it made and heat they made was crazy noisy and heat in is basement when he got is first electricity bill. He unplug everything , it was not making money that much. Then went on YouTube end check mining farms…. They had like thousands of them it was a crazy Set up. I think he sold them all to a guy here in Quebec that as many of them. That’s was or adventure with this machine. Ps : sorry for the spelling error I am French and writhing is not my strong subject because I don’t read enough english so I hope you all understand

How do you forget that you had a miner?

how many EH/s ? ok, well. TH/s ? still no?

Nice l, you found the flux compactor! Just gotta find that skateboard and Delorean. Did you look under your bed?

Is that a flux capacitor?

Looks pretty cool

Congratulations, its worth nothing

Oh yeah you forgot did you

It may be just a series, but it shattered my heart.

Whats the site

True Bitcoin Story

Wasn't Trump gonna audit the gold?

Quick now do an audit on usdt. And guess how much bitcoin was bought with made up money

This should be the entire selling argument for bitcoins use-case. It doesn't need any of the other hooplah. This alone is enough.

Except the entire supply of bitcoin isn't owned by the United States

It wasn't even a full audit 51 years ago

Do you it left something there???

Also, no real audits of most traded gold etfs like GLD. people talk paper bitcoins and forget the have been playing paper-gold game forever. this is why they hate bitcoin/crypto, you can actually audit it so they cant bullshit you about reserves.

5 minutes ago on average

Best way to take loan using BTC as collateral? What is the best way to take loan using BTC as collateral?

Probably something like Ledn

Stop arguing. This tool settles once and for all if Bitcoin is overvalued right now. [

I'm disappointed, I was expecting Magic 8 Ball type responses

So scientific lol

Brilliant!

Brilliant! Case closed.

wow what an insightful website. thanks for your service

This tool is amazing! GJ OP! This is the type of shit this sub needs!

How many sats? New to Bitcoin. Please can anyone advise how many sats I should stack per month roughly? I have been doing 270 USD per month, is that a good amount? Thanks!

As much as you can while still enjoying life. Tomorrow is not promised.

Price changes daily so will the smallest measure of bitcoin lol !! PUT EVERY DOLLAR POSSIBLE I have been buying since 2014 or 15 and my dca is always going up

I’m Only able to do 100$ a week But I’m going strong like the little engine that could…keep stacking baby

It’s more than most people are doing. Just keep at it. If you can get more and want to get more, then you totally should get more.

Every single fiat you won’t need for the next few years

All of them

Whether you're viewing it as savings or investment, "how much should I save?" and "how much should I invest?" are personal questions with no easy one size fits all answer. You put away what you can afford to put away. I think the key is to make a strategy that you can stick to and be consistent with. Any amount adds up over time.

There is no maximum or minimum amount, it depends on you and your budget (we say 5% of your assets is good!) you have to diversify

Thanks for the responses everyone 👍👍👍

Many sats.

Keep doing what your doing boss. Keep a extra pot for bigger dips See you on the moon sir

Welcome to the Club, spend money you won't need for many years on however many Sats you can afford. Remember bitcoin will go up and down but overtime it ALWAYS goes up so you have to have the patience to wait multiple halving cycles to enjoy the fruits of your labor. It's like farming, you need to plant the seeds to grow the crops and in the future you can harvest said crop. Study learn more about bitcoin, economics and the fiat system, the more you learn the more you will realize. "This is the Way." Stack Sats and Stay Humble.

As much as you can, increase when price is down, lower when it goes to highs. If new this is a 10 year game. U are stupid if u get excited or sad for next 4 years!

Just try to consistently buy as much as you can (while still surviving and enjoying your life) every week/month etc. You can’t compare how much you’re stacking with someone else. If your income 10x tomorrow I’m sure you would be able to invest more, and if it cut in half you would be able to put in less.

As much as u can without destroying ur way of living.

If that's what you can afford that's fine. I'd suggest keeping an emergency fund in an easily accessible savings account, so you don't have to sell bitcoin if something happens and you quickly need to pay out. The aim is to make sure you can comfortably hold your bitcoin for at least 4 years (ideally much longer) without needing to panic sell if/when the price is down. You need to get used to volatility and remain calm during these periods.

Comparison is the thief of joy. It's not so much how much you buy, but how long you hold. Continuing to buy and hold and CAGR is a wonderful thing that accelerates your earnings. People used to write I only have 1000 bitcoin and I don't think it's enough. Everything goes to zero against BTC. No context, just lessons I have learned.

Stack all the sats

Do as much as you can without making your life miserable. There is no such thing as too much sats.

It all depends on your own budget and how much you want to invest/take a risk on. (Don’t buy more then you could be able to lose) Do know crypto is a rollercoaster so please buy and don’t look at it when it drops in value. Goodluck!

It's a cool amount, if you go long term. Stack them on a cold hardware wallet, never share your private key's. Not even with that hot girl, and in 2 years you will be smiling.

That's a strange question. It all depends on how much income and expenses you have, and how much risk you're willing to take.

10% of your monthly income

All sustainable amounts are good amounts… the sats depend on the price of BTC at that moment.. they go up and down…

Buying on the HIGH is generally not a good idea! You literally had 2 years of Bull cycle.

Georgia 🇬🇪 A few of these around the capital

*Not USA.* Yes I see that camera in the top right.

a satoshi π Finally hit my goal! π 😉

That’s not a real trezor UI, and the text/icon is visibly AI. Shitpost.

AI lmfao that looks so ai i cant anymore

A nice bait for scammers.

Fucking beautiful

My new goal

I want a slice! 😆

That’s dope

Bitcoin logo is crooked…. Lmao!

One day, this will read $1,111,111.11

You want your *average cost* to be more than a million?

$11,111,111.11 then... $111,111,111.11

My dca was once around 3000$ now its over 45000$ so I am guessing over my life span by dca will be over a million & now that you can borrow usd from smart contracts & avoid taxable events it makes prrfect sense. Its also used as a wealth tool in every mortgage now . ETFS are settled in kind & soon when the 3 bills pass we will see the bullrun. STABLECOINS drive trillions into our markets rewriting the financial system .

Probably around 2030.

Fucking hope so! Sooner rather than later please! 🙏

It's going up forever :)

Just picked up a bit more. Only 0.01448448 BTC, but every little bit counts! Another step closer to a full Bitcoin! 🤣

Considering this is your average cost... you want it lower, and lower....

Year: 2032

Lambo wen?

!remind me 8 years

11-11-11 Peak Gaming.

Or $11,111,111.11

I think $1,111,111,111,111.11 will be ideal. All the best!

Only a x10

This is beautiful.

I wish one day would be a Monday

🤔Maybe...though before that happens, it will drop to 20,000.00...😳

Hope so soon 😊

I see the power of manifestation is strong in this sub. Not that I'm complaining. Manifest, my brothers and sisters.

Which cost? You mean that bitcoin price??

After diving deep into crypto, I’ve come to a clear conclusion: the only asset truly worth buying is Bitcoin. Altcoins may rise and fall, but many are short-lived, manipulated, or outright scams. Eventually, some investors will wake up to find their funds gone due to fraud, poor management, or shady practices. Exchanges can freeze your account, lock you out of your money, or, in the worst-case scenario, shut down and disappear without warning. Just imagine them running off to the Cayman Islands with everyone's money. 😂 This is why the golden rule remains true: if you don’t hold it, you don’t own it. Move your Bitcoin off exchanges and into cold storage. Take full control with self-custody. When you own your keys, you truly own your coins. Bitcoin is decentralized. No government, corporation, or individual has control over the network. That is what gives it strength. And to me, that is why Bitcoin represents real financial freedom. I will keep buying every week with that goal in mind. Bitcoin belongs to everyone, yet no one at the same time. This is the essence of its decentralization. It is an open, global network that anyone can use. No permission is needed to send, receive, or hold Bitcoin. It is public, transparent, and accessible to all. There is no CEO, no company, no central authority, and no one who can shut it down. The network runs across a vast number of independent computers around the world. It is owned by no one, but shared by all.

> Who Are You?? Hwhat are yoouuu???

Recommended readings for a potential orange pill I have a good friend who I believe could understant the fundamentals behind BTC. No fucking get rich fast shit, but a solid intellectual background to make him evaluate what's the game changer here. I got it, just tired of endless discussions...or maybe just lacking energy to do so (I just want to have few beers and relax!) List your best readings, publications, paper, whatever. No podcasts or youtube influencershit Thanks!

Check out History Echoes Bitcoin by Timothy Niemeyer. It’s a great introduction to the Bitcoin concepts and values. The book provides historical examples from throughout human history that represent the properties that make Bitcoin so valuable. Tim is also a gifted teacher for his profession so the material is geared towards new adopters of Bitcoin.

Give them a copy of the Bitcoin standard. I know you said no podcasts but if you look for the right stuff there is plenty of good, non "moonboy" actual bitcoin discussion out there.

I think Gradually, Then Suddenly is the perfect book for someone that is reasonable and Bitcoincurious. It is sufficiently technical where appropriate but focuses more on arguments for and counter arguments against. The Bitcoin Standard, like Broken Money, are great books but they are more anti-fiat than they are pro-bitcoin. They are both obviously pro-bitcoin but the route they take is different from Parker Lewis's thesis.

The "game changer' for me was listening to the "Bitcoin Godfathers" talking about the supreme importance of "trust minimization", and then it clicked about how Bitcoin is unstoppable because humans have been removed from the equation as much as possible. So amazing....

Axl in Budapest Is this our man?

River vs Strike (Spread fees) I'm currently doing a recurring DCA on River. I know they have a spread fee, but I'm unsure of the exact percentage. I’m considering switching to Strike, which also offers no trading fees for DCA, but I’m curious about their spread fee as well. Does anyone know what the spread fees are for DCA on both platforms? And based on that, would it be worth moving everything to Strike for the long term, even though I’d lose River’s 3.8% APY on BTC?

its good to worry over this but if you here for long terms 5-10 year, those spreads dont matter.

Satoshi test Hi, Tried withdrawing my btc from okx to my krux wallet. Had to go through verification so i went for satoshi test. It eventualy failed as it was required for me to send sats using the address i was receiving the btc from. I don't know how to change the sending address on my krux. Any help is appreciated. Thanks in advanced.

Changing the adress, basically means doing a payment to said adress. 'How can I change my sending bank's address to my neighbour's?' Well you need to pay your neighbour. I can suggest reading HOW Bitcoin works ;)

Well it would have been nice if you had posted it back then.

That $0.50 soda would be worth $80 million if bought 750 bitcoin and held for 15 years..... IF

Imagine telling someone in 2009: “That penny in your pocket could be 15 BTC one day.” They’d prob laugh and buy a soda instead. Now that soda = a Lambo

Part of me is glad I didn't buy it back then cause I wouldn't be working right now. I'd be high 24/7 and drunk most nights.

15 years ago you had to be hacker to even know how to buy and store bitcoin

No one who bought 15 BTC for a penny in 2010 held past 2013/14.

That's a Fact yes. But it is not Fun

I’ll take $100,000 worth, please.

You could have mined 50 with your gpu

Friggin torture us why don't you. That's ok in the future you can send out a message that in 2025 you could buy a Bitcoin for 108k. 😝

You would have sold at 10-100-1000$

That hurts, that physically hurts

Damn, and here I was being an idiot and doing my 5th grade math homework instead of raiding the couch cushions to set me up for life.

Another fun fact, in 15 years bitcoin will be worth much more than it's worth right now, far surpassing inflation.

When Bitcoin hits $10M that would be $150million payout from a 1 penny investment. HODL!

Back then i was in highschool all i cared about was girls and friends you think i gave a damn about money🤣

15 years ago, I was more worried about saving up for a new DVD than buying magic internet money. we always regret the past.

And in another 15 you won’t even be able to buy 1 with a million dollars

We are so late

Doesnt matter.

Don't remind me!

I know somone who did. He was 10.. he did not keep track of it.. and now we hear about it everytime somone mentions bitcoin.

Where’s my Time Machine

You can get 117 KROWN from Krown.network Its the world's first quantum encrypted chain just google krown technologies.

year an and then throw it in the trash an searching it for about 5 years =D

Now it takes a million pennies to buy 1 bitcoin.

Thanks, I hate it

Yeah and F you for reminding me of that fact.

Good old times

this fact came 15 years late smh

There used to be faucets that would give you free bitcoins to test out.

Only if you were the right person who knew the right people. Which you were not, so you did not and could not have.

My buddy was buying drugs on Silk Road around that time, maybe earlier, and using Bitcoin for the transactions. First dude I ever heard say the word Bitcoin. He had thousands

That's great what can you buy now? Nothing. It's over.

Siigghhh I remember this and I could have gotten it…. I bought when 1 was $700 though so I got 1 and partner got 1.3….

Where and from who?

Ah yes, back when I was young and did internet surveys for Bitcoin. I’m sure that account has/had 20+ coins and I have 0 idea how to access it

Facts like these make me feel sick

Quantum mechanics: If you had, then it wouldn’t have grown in value.

Soon pag sobrang taas na ni btc saka lang marealize ng mga tao na sana nag invest pa sila sa price na ganito sa ngayon

Except back the. It was damn near impossible to just buy them.

How to buy BTC 15 yrs ago?

I had the chance to buy $10k of Bitcoin in 2013/2014.... Lol It made me a beast though after. I never turned wown cryptos again

What the hell was I thinking about buying bitcoin at 11 years old

This narrative is bullshit, I tried multiple times to buy Bitcoin in its infancy and it was a pain in the ass finding people that sold it in my personal experience.

Scary fact: it’s still the Wild West with no regulations or guardrails.

I knew 6 year old me should've been doing something other than playing with trains 🙄🙄

Everybody gangsta down here but back then everyone of u would have sold when it went up two cents

I remember thinking as a younger man. "That sounds interesting." And looking into mining briefly.... and never following up. I'd sure like to have an old hard drive with a bunch of bitcoin stored on it somewhere.

That’s a depressing fact

Gucci now accepts BTC payments in select U.S. stores Gucci has begun piloting Bitcoin (BTC) payments in several of its U.S. boutiques. The initiative is part of a broader move to accommodate luxury customers seeking crypto payment options, processing transactions via services like BitPay to immediately convert crypto to fiat at checkout.

For one bitcoin you can only afford a t shirt and a pair of shoes

If anyone spends his bitcoin on Gucci and doesn't own thousands of bitcoin, that person deserves to be poor or become poor. Spending the most valuable money on earth for overpriced cheap quality bullshit marketing shit is the most stupid thing to do People who run around in wanna be rich clothing deserve to stay poor their whole life

Bitpay does KYC, this is worse than nothing. Lightning is the only payment method worth using.

You’ll never get my Bitcoin Gucci! Never!!!!

Source? Can't find anything that says they accept BTC too

Good. But not. The interesting thing would be Carrefour, Mercadona. Really necessary items.

Brick by brick, store by store.

Still will be paying capital gains tax on every crypto transaction where your crypto sold higher than you bought the crypto for.

You can tell this is a clanker because it's just a summary of a post made on here earlier. Also, this news is from 2022. Mods should ban this bot

What do you think about my Firefish rollover strategy? Hey everyone, I’ve been developing a strategy on Firefish and would love to hear your thoughts. Here’s how it works: • I deposit Bitcoin as collateral. • I take out a 1k loan each month. • Every new month, I increase the loan by +1k: part of it is used to pay off the previous loan, and the rest is invested again. • I always keep enough BTC in reserve so that if the market crashes, I can add more collateral and avoid liquidation. • I never take money out for consumption – everything stays in the cycle for investment and rollover. The goal is to grow steadily month by month without triggering taxable sales or risking liquidation in a downturn. Do you think this approach is sustainable in the long run? Has anyone here tried something similar with Firefish or another lending platform? Curious if there are hidden risks I’m overlooking. Thanks in advance!

Interesting I stumbled across this Bitcoin store in the other side of town the other day. Their main focus is “daily limits” but I really don’t see how an entire store is necessary or how they’re going to keep the business running.

is this a store of value?

Missed opportunity to tint the windows orange. If it was orange id believe it. Issa trap.

Seems super legit. Just a normal business where you can bring $50k in cash in a suitcase and no one asks any questions. Not some kind of money laundering front, or FBI honey pot.

I would have some personal concerns about being tracked entering and leaving this storefront. Seems like a way to be targeted for a wrench attack?

This is the office of the bitcoin ceo guys.

Seems legit since it’s located in Stockton

wtf this seems really sketchy

I have a feeling wrenches are waiting for me inside

Who's going to Stockton with $50k in cash?

Stockton?!?!? No thanks.

Kyc? If not looks like I’m driving to Stockton next time it gets below 100k

looks at location i'm not suprised, mutha fucker

There's a machine like that at my local Royal Farms. I checked it out, but the prices were so inflated. It's better (and safer) to just buy your own stuff on an exchange.

What is this store for?

Every elder scammer loves these businesses and atms!

Looks crowded…

Marketing to people without cell phones or bank accounts

Highest crime rate at grand opening

Drive through money laundering!!

In Berlin, Germany, in the center of the city, we had the same thing going on. But they never opened the shop. Now, I think, what was going on was a marketing campaign. They put up a shop sign that people were curious about and googled to find a bitcoin store about to open. Then however, it never opened . In Germany however, being the land of the stupid, it is conceivable that they just couldn't appease policy makers and berver got the relevant paper work done.

Yeah, totally won’t get mugged inside.

Imagine how long the lines are when BTC dips and people come here expecting to complain to the manager

Anyone else scroll and see The Bitchin Store for a split second?

Scammers’ vault.

Put that shop in Brooklyn. Lets put it to the test!

Wait. So. Middlemen? What're we doing

Bitcoin ATMs are so fucking stupid

Maybe some people don't have a bank account to attach to an exchange to transact with them. Maybe some people have been kicked off CEXes for TOS violations. There is a place for them even if they're getting BTC at the price they deserve.

Definitely using a few different ledgers there

Of all the things that don’t need a bricks and mortar store

I’d expect a 50% spread minimum

These are for money laundering. Just last month one got caught here in Holland after surveilance of financial police

Would be way more legitimate if they had merchandise, and you could ALSO buy or sell through a kiosk or something

Bitcon CEO's latest venture. He'll be raising the price of Bitcoin next, MARK MY WORDS

Its for people that try to avoid taxation ,probably

What city is this in?

is this where you go for a happy ending

the bitcoin store where you buy and sell crypto? no thanks

Saaaar saaaar do not redeem!

As someone just about to begin trading, which exchange is the safest ? I just wanted to know which exchange in your opinion is the safest to trade on. Moreover if an exchange is unsafe why may that be so ?

Strike/River are the best.

Don’t trade, stack and HODL.

Trading bitcoin is a sign of lesser intellect.

Trading? Welcome to poverty

I like Kraken Pro. But whatever exchange you ultimately use, I wouldn’t leave my Bitcoin on there.

I just buy on Robinhood and transfer to my cold wallet when I have a large amount.

Bro, you're way more likely to lose everything from actually trading, not by using the wrong exchange.

Good luck picking up pennies under a steamroller

Depends on your location, I would say Kraken or Kucoin

Bitcoin isn’t for trading.

Strike for dca'ing, Kraken Pro with limit buys for lumps. But dont trade. You'll get wrecked.

You already lost. Try Again

Trading lol

Starting trading if you are new is not the best option, but you can start with self-custody first

I hear Mt.Gox is a reliable platform.

Every time… (a buy is still a buy) No regrets. It’ll go up again. Patience is key.

Minus 13% isn't even bad after an all time high 😂 historically speaking for btc. Usually we get a nice -60%

Short sighted meme. You buy Bitcoin at ALL prices, with a long term perspective. That´s why you should DCA instead of trying to time the market.

why are you buying at ATH and not every week or every day?

Shaking out wet paper bag hands

Buying dip? For what?🙃

according to wave theory shouldn't btc start to retrace waves a b c?

All summers do bad with crypto anyway

All my best pay offs took around 4 years. With the first year being a lot of averaging down.

-13% then just buy more.

Won’t matter when it’s 700k

As Michael Saylor said...1 bitcoin equals to 1 bitcoin

Someone’s new

Bitcoin & Inheritance (safely leaving behind BTC to your family)? I’ve built a decent Bitcoin stack over the last few years which is safely tucked away in cold storage. I’m a new-ish father with a second child on the way. I’m starting to plan for the future and do worry that if anything happened to me, how do I ensure that my wife and children can access, use and spend our Bitcoin when I’m not here. Has anyone thought about bitcoin and inheritance, putting it in a Will, how you’d educate your family, how you’d leave your stack behind and know they’ll be able to use it, etc? I want to put steps in place to make sure they’re okay but also don’t want to leave behind obvious signposts to seed phrases and instructions on how to use them for my family which could also undermine the security of them if we were robbed or something either. Legal advice is pretty much non-existent on this and don’t want to overcomplicate the process too much for my family who are not that technical. Curious to hear what other people’s thoughts are and whether anyone has cracked the code to leaving behind your bitcoin safely?

Teaching your wife the basics of Bitcoin is very important. Recovering a wallet is not at all difficult. Make your cold storage wallet with a *strong* passphrase. Tell your wife where your seed words are stored. Store a copy of the passphrase (only) with your will. In addition to having a Will, I hope you also have life insurance. If you don't, then your family will almost certainly just sell your Bitcoin for fiat upon your death.

Yeah, I figured it’s just simpler and much safer to stick with an ETF. With BTC, you can do everything right, but then a family member makes a mistake trying to access your stash and poof, it’s gone. I don't wanna worry about that.

I sent all my BTC to Fidelity crypto, this way I don't need to worry about scams or losing it, and I already have my daughters as beneficiaries

You will be recommended 3rd party solutions built on multi-sig security and a lot of costs along the way. Why not do it fully self-custodial?

Assume you have two children. You can set up a 3/6 multi-signature, with one of the private keys given to your executor. This way, either your heirs agree to use the savings, or the executor assists in using the savings

Check out the Nunchuk Honey Badger plan. 2 of 4 collaborative multisig and non-KYC. Specifically designed for inheritance planning. Unchained Capital also offers inheritance plans but I'm not familiar with the details.

Hi u/00bender I have put a little more than a thought into this exact subject. I made this method for my own family last year, which aims to benefit the next 4 generations, not just my two, now grown children. In the hope that it will start a chain reaction within my bloodline and keep the family prospering like I did. Last week I launched those two web-pages, so others can be inspired and maybe do the same for their families. A very simple method everybody can figure out, and it interlocks the self generated keys against each other. Can't have Michael Saylor having all the corn, can we? :) There's no subscription or paywall. Best of luck

What about companies like anchor watch Anyone got experience of them?

Depending if size of your stack is going to be generational, onramp just unleashed dynasty inheritance planning. It is important to have a trust depending the stack size. For people with more than 10 bitcoin ( I wish…..) you should put some of your stack in a trust for your kids. That way it will never be part of an estate tax limit ( I think around $15 million) max. Otherwise the government takes 40%+depending on state in us. I am far from an expert and just have info from podcast. But if BTC gets to $1-20 million over the next 20 years, this may affect a lot of people on this sub.

Recommend you store your keys in a safe deposit box with instructions on how to convert it to cash along with your will (but not with other copies). Your executor will eventually gain access to the box. Direct him or her to cash it out and add it to the estate. By the time you pass on, some or all of your heirs may not be bitcoin savvy. When the estate gets distributed, those who wish can buy bitcoin, stocks, or their favorite color Lamborghini. Make sure you leave detailed transaction records, if possible.

Now the notaries have some knowledge of crypto they can guide you on the process and yes I read it before but think about life insurance at the same time

If you are just leaving it for inheritance and not for your retirement I would if possible buy an ETF in a Roth IRA. That way your beneficiaries will just be able to pull the cash out or transfer the amount to their accounts tax free as long as they are named as the primary beneficiaries on the account with percentages they will receive. When my father passed he had all his savings in a taxable IRA account and we had a six figure tax bill from the IRS when it was distributed along with legal and court fees.And unfortunately a large chunk of the money was from a lawsuit settlement that he had deposited into his taxable account somehow that would of been considered tax free on the principal.but with the mess that his estate was in it would of took years with lawyers, accountants and courts to sort it all out and that's if we had the financial records which we couldn't get. Unless I'm mistaken Bitcoin would be considered property and have to go through probate process in the courts if in self custody. In a brokerage account you can select who you want to inherit your wealth. Planning is everything in these circumstances. You don't want your family fighting it out in court for years about who gets your money and property when you pass.

First and foremost, make sure that should something happen to you, your Wife or whomever knows where and how to access it and what steps to take to move it to an exchange to sell (if needed).

Simple in three steps: -buy a hardware wallet (Jade, Coldcard, Trezor, BitBox) -learn about how it works (spend some time, you will appreciate it in the future) -Keep the 12 words plus a passphrase safe.

Faketoshi book 'Ask Us Anything' tomorrow I'm not sure how many of you will have heard of Craig Wright, but he is one of a handful of lunatics who claim to be Satoshi Nakamoto. The difference with Wright is that his cosplay has spanned ten years (so far) and was the basis of an attempt to hijack Bitcoin through the UK courts, which, had he won, would have seen him take ownership of the rights to Bitcoin's name, database and operation in the UK, forcing BSV to be adopted as Bitcoin as well as earning him tens of billions of pounds in damages. Thankfully for Bitcoin, Wright's claim was nothing but an elaborate and shambolic fraud, ending last year when he was accused of falsifying almost 500 pieces of evidence for his all-or-nothing court case, making him the most prolific evidence forger in British legal history. Writer Mark Hunter (me, hello) and Craig Wright critic Arthur van Pelt have documented the full extent of Wright's decade of dishonesty across three books - *Faketoshi: Fraud, Lies and the Battle for Bitcoin's Soul* \- the first of which is out on Monday. We will be hosting an Ask Us Anything on **Sunday afternoon at 17:00 BST** where you can...er...ask us anything about Craig Wright's ten-year festival of fraud and our part in revealing its hidden depths. For more info on the book, visit our website. Hopefully see you on r/AMA tomorrow at 17:00 BST.

Man…I might actually have to get this book. Wright is such a fucking loon…I can’t believe he thought he could pull this off. Fuck him…and thank you for this

Kraken Pro - BTC question I'm regularly transferring BTC from my Kraken Pro to a Trezor wallet. So far, I've always transferred small amounts of up to €500 and have never been asked for anything. Now I tried to transfer an amount greater than €1,000 and Kraken is asking me to confirm that I own the address I'm sending it to. Does this mean that previous transfers to Trezor weren't KYC-compliant? Thanks

₿uy or $ell Just something that limit vs unlimited printable

Price go down. Keep stacking. Price go up. Keep stacking. Simple.

Only sell if you have a good use case for the money.

Sell please so I can buy it more cheap.

Sell now and buy back at 125k

This guy zooms out

It would appear to be approaching a plateau

DCA is the way

There is no sell, only buy

What is dca?

Always buy

I just buy and forget.

What a beautiful chart

Only buy. HODL.

Sell a little and buy a week vacation to hawaii, self gratification is good for you

Sold and bought some GIGACHAD coin, it’s going to 20x.

Y’all better sell your BTC while you still can! 🤤 “98-100k is the level to watch. We lose that and *officially* confirms the bull run being over.”

HODL and STACK!

Selll dca up and buy dca down

Finally own 0.15 BTC I bought some IBIT via broker, but still can't feel a sense that I own them. So I get a Trezor S3 and start my new round of stacking sats. Finally reach 0.15! Hope I can reach 0.2 by the end of this year. But I also realized that my IBIT is almost stuck there, since it may take several hours to sell - withdraw - and re-purchase spot BTC, and the price may change radically in that period of time. Not sure how to cope with them. Does anybody has suggestion?

Awesome! forget ibit, just keep stacking your own sats on your hardware wallet! keep going!

Last one to a full BTC is a regard. GO GO GO

Not bad. If it hits a mil that’s basically 150k

Well done and congrats! Bitcoin in your cold wallet is freedom bitcoin, while bitcoin in your IBIT custodian (Coinbase) account is locked up bitcoin. You’re right if you want to free your jail cell coin you will have to 1) sell your IBIT, 2) wait for settlement and take profit (if any), 3) set aside CGT amount (ouch), 4) send cash from ETF broker account to bitcoin exchange, 5) wait for exchange deposit process, and then finally 6) buy real bitcoin. Since it needs to go through the whole tradfi banking process, it could take days, and market could move significantly during the fiat transit, and the CGT will eat into your total stack too. That’s the price to pay for the “convenience” of ETF. If I were in your shoes I would just leave the IBIT untouched, but only stack real sats from now on. Once the sats get locked up in ETF the effort required to free them again is high and often not worth the trouble, better stay away from ETF from the beginning, provided that you have the technical capacity of self custodying. You have definitely made the right decision of buying real bitcoin, let’s stack real sats from now on. Good luck!

Nothing wrong with owning IBIT but I would only do that in a retirement account, not a taxable account. The cash you’re putting into a brokerage account is better suited to just buy BTC.

Ibit only if you want to hold BTC in your Roth ira

Congrats bro!! 👏🏼

nice, we’re on a similar journey

Congratulations and keep going my friend

Congrats, keep stacking, you’ll get there!

Thats a nice stack.

I only have 0.00454545455

great, get your own market price p2p at binance, there you can get market prices from usdt to btc spot

Only if there where somewhere a bitcoin friendly bank where you could cash out. It's only a bitcoin and it's impossible to sell.

Basically you buy at a stage, preferrably in the bear market at a low price, and when you know the bull market is coming to a predicted end, some time before (you will never know for sure), you put it in the exchange like whales do, and then you sell it. I think that's it! Some1 correct me if I'm wrong. But to be honest, for beginners it's better to keep crypto in a solid exchange. Losing keys, wallets and stuff has happened to people before.

Keep pushing B

Reading you, It is a pretty good thing your IBIT are stuck there.

15 million sats. Congrats!

Good shit !!! 🔥

Yikes shoulda bought $BITI instead

Safely storing Bitcoin. If you house catches fire and you escape in the night but with nothing but your life. And your standing outside naked and covered in soot. Is your crypto/Bitcoin safe? An encrypted wallet backup stored everywhere including online seems the best way to be safe from life's events. What happens to hardware wallets if they all catch fire? Do they have cloud backup?

I store mine with a Prince in Nigeria. He has also encrypted my wallet to show 0.00. He is very smart.

Relying on a single seed phrase backup creates a risky single point of failure. Crypto native solutions like Shamir's Secret Sharing and multisig wallets are more robust alternatives. Shamir's Secret Sharing is an excellent method for securely backing up your seed phrase. It allows you to split your seed phrase into a number of unique "shares." You can then set a rule for how many shares are needed to rebuild it. For example, with a 2 of 3 share setup. Share 1 - Store it online in a secure password manager. Share 2 - Store it on a physical medium, like a steel plate in a home safe. Or even on a encrypted drive offline or paper (losing one share means nothing, so a steel plate might be overkill) Share 3 - Store it at a different secure location, like a bank's safe deposit box or with a trusted lawyer, or friend or family. If your house burns down and destroys Share 2, you can still combine Share 1 and Share 3 to recover your wallet. The most important part, is that an individual share is mathematically useless to an attacker trying access your fund. It's just a string of data and gives no clues about the final seed phrase or that's a seed phase in the first place. Multi sig is another great strategy, though it works a bit differently. A multisig wallet requires signatures from multiple private keys to authorize a transaction. For instance, in a 2 of 3 multisig setup, you would need two out of three separate devices/keys to approve sending any funds. This protects against theft and a single point of failure for transactions. Losing your wallet in a fire is a scary thought, but robust backup strategies like Shamir's Secret Sharing mean your digital assets can survive and are 100% safe even if a single backup disappears or is found by someone.

Keep one metal etched copy (Trezor sells them, they’re fire proof) of your see phrase in a safe deposit box. Keep one in a safe or hidden somewhere only you can easily find when needed in your house. You also don’t want it somewhere that if your house gets robbed, a burglar wouldn’t quickly scoop it up, like near money, jewelry or in a small safe that could be carried out and broken into later. Even if your wallet itself burns, you can buy a new wallet and restore, with your seed phrase. Your bitcoin is never in your wallet. It’s on the blockchain. Your wallet just holds the private cryptographic keys that allow you to sign transactions to spend or move it.

I go to my mom and ask her for my 24 words

I have mine safely stored in secret underground bunker buried deep in the earth.

Yes, i have 2 safe places where i fysically stored my bitcoin wallet. Only 2 people know the secret passphrase to acces the Hidden wallet.

I use a titanium card to store my seed phrases because it is fire-resistant. [

Metal seed card (punched or etched), stored somewhere that can be found after a fire (such as a fire safe, ammo canister, or other sizable metal box)

I was about 2 hours from home and I began obsessing that I left the coffemaker on, that led to me thinking my place would burn up and my seed would burn too. No problem, since I had memorized my seed so no worries. Except, I couldn't freaking recite it to save my life. I was so sure I had it locked down in my memory, I really did. I was happy to get home later to see my place still standing. When I read the phrase, I could recite it again. I won't rely on just my memory because my mind can fail me.

I bought a cryptosteel capsule which is fire resistant, so assuming everything burns down it'll be there in the rubble

Fireproof storage. period. But paper, or electronics, aren't good enough. If the fire is big enough or long enough, the blaze will incinerate everything in the fireproof file cabinets... Paper ignites at 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Titanium melts at over 3,034 degrees Fahrenheit. For a house fire, temperatures near the ceiling can reach up to 2,000°F or even higher during specific events like flashover. Titanium Seed Plate is the way to go. Skip the stainless steel options, they can still corrode and rust with enough acid, salt, or heat, titanium is superior. We have contracted with a USA company that forges and water-jet cuts Titanium. We'll have a fiber laser engraver that can engrave with colors (by annealing the surface at different freq.modulation rates), Satoshi Station will have a new style of titanium seed plates available.

Jokes on you. My hardware wallet has been implanted and my seed phrase is tattooed on the soles of my feet. I'm all good.

I carry my 24 etched rings in my prison wallet.

I haven't moved to wallets. I still have the private keys on paper. Is that bad?

Forget hardware wallets, multisig, or cold storage. The real pros pick their favorite Shakespeare sonnet, extract 24 words, and boom , seed phrase for life. Hackers may break SHA256, governments may collapse, but cultural heritage is forever. Just don’t forget the title.

This is why we use Titanium plates for storing seeds

The best backup to your pass phrase is memorizing your 12 or 24 words .

Bitcoin will fail, said this guy

It's not bitcoin that will fail. It's Fiat money that will fail over and over again.

am i missing something? gold standard failed but gold did not fail. today gold price is 3.4K USD per ounce. Gold and BTC are still effective against inflation. The idea of making affordable living like our grandparents did with every paycheque having strong purchasing power will eventually return to us as well IF WE CONTINUE TO STACK BTC. Also I don't believe the fact that the average paycheque today having little purchasing power is purely an inflation issue. Employers chose to pay their workers less than prior generations did and us workers chose to accept less pay than prior generations did. This has more to do with supply and demand of jobs and goods, I'm not sure if this is the fault of the USD leaving the gold standard. Someone please enlighten me.

Its over. Panic sell it all to me.

And fiat currencies are designed to fail.

I need bitcoin to go down to 50k please. Keep spreading this belief so I can buy at least 1btc.

Not going to fail. More like BTC will stabilize around $55K in a few years because of The Triffin Dilemma

How do I go on about this? Found it in a

check the temprature make sure it is a cold storage

You gotta use a pickaxe to break it open to get at the bitcoins, this is known as mining

100% a bait

Don't you guys get sick of all these trolling retards who write "BTC" and "2013" on old blank hard drives just for attention? I swear I see a post like this every week.

so you want to be very gentle with it. treat it like a princess and wash your hand before touching it. then turn off your messages inbox and plug it in. then look for content. if possible not on a pc with antivirus. and not connected to internet

People do this to be able to sell old drives, dont get your hopes up too high.

every hard drive i throw away i write btc on it so this could be one of them lol

1. Buy a IDE/SATA ISN hdd reader on ebay 2. Connect the disk 3. Boot up windows 4. Your drive should be visable as an external hdd 5. Right click on disk and quick format. 6. You have an additional 224 GB of storage. You are welcome

gimme gimme gimme!!!

Fyi dont get hopes high as there are prank people that write things like that just to mock on btc believers

Its the data for bitcoin core

pls send thx

At first use a USB dockingstation for SATA-HDD and locking for Data.

Your drive is already dead sorry for your loss

first time!!!! My first purchase. 3 days ago I bought my first €10 worth of bitcoin. It took a while, but I've already bought another €1,600 🤣

Great to see another stacker joining the forces. If you feel like it, read/bookmark this guide and make sure to learn along your journey. Congrats on the move, it's never too late, despite new people thinking otherwise one or more of these wallets. **A few good wallet choices:** \- Top Security Features, Open Source and Non-Custodial [ \- excellent, easy to use wallet, Open Source and Non-Custodial [ - top desktop wallet [ \- Solid choice, Open Source and Non-Custodial, one of the oldest and most trusted Bitcoin Wallets. I prefer the desktop version but it works on mobile too. **Lightning wallets** to consider (cheaper and faster transactions, great for small amounts): [ \- Phoenix - very good wallet, uses Tor for extra privacy, easy for anyone new [ \- Blixt - great UI, fast and clean [ Zeus - impressive wallet with many features, can even generate Nostr keys [ \- Breez - excellent POS for small business owners as well as integrated Bitrefill Note: Breez does also a hybrid liquid/LN wallet called Misty Breez - the sats being on liquid means no need for channels although the payments take a few extra seconds. You'll also can get a free customable LN address. While talking about hybrid wallets, there's also Aqua Wallet although not IMHO as good as Misty Breez. There are also custodial LN wallet but I would honestly avoid using them because you have to trust the wallet operator not to steal your money. Their only advantage is that they are incredibly easy to use, although it might cost you big one day. **Hardware Wallets** (to store larger amounts): [Trezor Jade safe. Welcome to the rabbit hole and don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions anytime during your Bitcoin journey. Also, [check the sidebar]( that's filled with lots of great info and if you have any questions, visit r/BitcoinBeginners or r/Bitcoin and look for the answers.

One of us!!!

First step for you freedom ⛓️‍💥

Septembre pullback, UPtober this Octobre. Sell it all this Q4. You came to late in this cycle. Buy back in 2026 at lower price.

Wish I had binance

You buy on Revolut ?

You’re in the game, keep stacking!!!

Please crash to $70K, I’m begging you! Got $70K cash sitting here just waiting to be put to work. Just one little dump, pretty please 🤤📉

Anyone else feeling the urge to break their DCA strategy right now? Honestly, I've been sticking to my weekly DCA for like 8 months now, but man, watching these charts lately has me thinking about throwing more at it. You know that feeling when you're at the blackjack table and the cards just feel right? That's kinda where I'm at with BTC right now. I keep telling myself "stick to the plan, stick to the plan" but part of me wants to just dump a bigger chunk in. It's like when you're playing poker and you get dealt pocket aces, you know? The logical part of my brain says DCA is the way, but the gambler in me is screaming to go bigger. I've been managing my crypto portfolio like I manage my poker bankroll, only putting in what I can afford to lose, but these price movements got me second-guessing if I'm being too conservative. Maybe that's the whole point of DCA though, to save us from our own fomo and bad timing.

Lump sum during dips is not breaking the "strategy". You can continue yuor DCA while taking advantages of bigger dips.

When I feel an extra surge of conviction and price is down I buy more than usual if possible.

I've been DCA in for 5 years now, the only occassion when I break my own rule and buy more on the dip is when the market hit extreme fear. Last time, March-April this year.

The worst thing we can do is believe for a second that we are smarter than the market.

Only put in what you can’t afford to lose. Edit: Lose not loose! 😅

Nothing stops you from adding more during your DCA

My dca plan is so aggressive that i run out of fiat at the end of each month. So i cannot buy the dip. And it is not even a dip.

Nothing wrong with increasing your purchases during a downturn, that’s smart

Why now? Its just the start of downturn. Just dca with lower and lower prices each month

This is why I buy daily

I DCA’ed every day from $65k in Nov 2021 all the way down to $16k and now back up to $125k. I’ll stick with the plan.

Stick to the plan

It’s going to go much lower

Still not 18 mo after halving. Buckle up kiddos - this is the fun part of the 4yr cycle

Just let the DCA run or think about multiplier DCA

No. I'm thinking I'll buy some more! I think there is another leg up before the bull run is over.

It's dca until it dips considerably and there are buying opportunities. Then larger sums...time in alots a calm patience

Lump sum investing beats DCA. DCA is only for when 1. you can't deal with the volatility or regret 2. you have to wait for your salary every month. If you have the money (no leverage) and the confidence you won't panic if it falls further than making a lump sum now seems like a good idea.

You should consider weighted dca strategy. This means instead of doing your normal buy amount (or rate) when we get decent dips, you buy more, or more often, or even do lump sums during those dips.

Nah I just restarted mine.

Stay on target… Stay on target!

I’m just happy I did my buying a longgg time ago

I paused my for the rip, guess I’ll start it back up

Why settle for one when you can do both That’s also a strategy

I DCA and buy extra in dips when I can.

Nope !!!!!! … Bitcoin on sale now

Buying more during dips seems to be fairly common, and it’s a strategy I have always used whenever I still have dry powder to spare. In fact, I have heard it referred to as dynamic DCA, so I agree it’s not breaking your strategy.

I DCA but I usually try to buy the dip

Consistency and patience is rewarded by Bitcoin. Just keep at it.

I was listening to some long time investors and I forget who it was but they said that true DCA is a more active approach than just buying on a weekly or monthly schedule. DCA is more saving money and buying when there are attractive entry points. However, I would listen to your logical self here rather than emotional self. Stick to your plan and don’t let emotion change it. If you can logically change your plan since you have more money to throw at it, then that’s your prerogative.

Just increase the amount you DCA during dips. Be careful it could go down more(September after months of rallying) , so staying true to an aggressive DCA rather lump sum might be better. But if you are long term difference will be negligible unless you are sitting on massive amounts of cash.

Stick to the plan. Lumpsum only when it falls more than 30% from the top

Love making my DCA amount larger when price is low. Sometimes I actually make smaller dca purchases when it's really high I know that's not exactly DCAing by definition but I thinknit works well.

I can't, I've already been DCAing as hard as I can the whole time, there's no more margin to put in any more when it's down.

You can DCA more on a particularly big dip.

We've got a LONG & COLD ASS WINTER COMING UP. So nope, just my 2 sats. 🤷🏻

I had the same urge back in the 5 digits and I went with my gut. It’s been paying off pretty nicely.

If I had some extra money, I would buy now for sure

I bought heavy when it dipped, then it dipped more and I regretted not waiting. It’ll probably dip more but I already used all my free cash to buy the previous dip. Such is life

I have been catching some dips along the way. $50-100 here and there.

Agree...I DCA $50 a month. Yesterday added an additional $176 just for sh#ts and giggles 🤭😁💯 May keep it up every month till $200k. I can afford It. 💪🏻👍🏻

Yes, but it just doesn't matter longterm stack sats.

I just added. My dca is for good or bad market, but when it’s really bad, I have to buy extra if i have the capital. If we go under 100, I may sell some equities and redirect that capital to sats.

I have a daily, weekly, and monthly DCA. I still always buy chunks on big dips.

Yes I made about a [video]( about it DCA is trash

Buy low. Continue you buy at lower cost.

DCA is baseline normal behavior. Abnormal dips require extra investment. HODL

I did, panic bought yesterday

DCA is a great regular pattern to encourage saving and continual stacking. However, when you sense a deal is to be had throw everything you can at it to aggressively stack at a bargain. It did feel a bit like being a degenerate gambler throwing a ton at BTC when it plummeted to $17,000 a few years ago… how do you reckon I feel about that decision now? Don’t doubt yourself.

You just have money sitting on the sideline uninvested? Well that's a problem right there. You shouldn't have a lump sum available to you to put into Bitcoin right now unless you were just sitting on USD as it continually lost purchasing power

I always add more to my dca every 5% drop from ATH

It's a great idea to make your DCA larger and larger the more it dips and maybe modify it for less when it goes to ATH's. It's basically the smartest thing to do.

Don't. Stick with what you're doing. That way you can blame the system not yourself.

Just remember to reward yourself and skip some deposits when you win.

RSI on the daily is below 40 it’s a perfect time to add extra.

I got to feel that way last cycle. For almost 3 years now I have been all-in. Paychecks received as btc in Strike. But it's still the same. 100% bitcoin and still feel like I need to figure out how to get more.

For me, DCA means throwing in twice as much when it drops. But not this time. This is just a dip, my friend. A minus 10% is just noise.

Always by when RSI is less than 20, select the right parameters so that the buy happens regularly

I understand what you mean, but personally I don't feel like this is the time to "dump a big chunk" into bitcoin. I think that feeling will start showing up at $100k and below... I dunno, I wonder who else feels like this..? I have a monthly recurring buy set up and besides that, I also buy weekly out of my OT only, and when the price is close to all-time highs I buy 1/8th of whatever I make on OT and when the price is low 1/4 of whatever I make of OT.

Be careful not to push upward your average buy price. I only do smash buys when the market price goes under my average buy price

If you believe that Bitcoin will continue to rise in value over the long term then it is wise to continue buying. If you want to maximize profit it is wise to buy when you can get the most BTC per dollar spent. If you don't know for certain whether btc will go down from where it is at now, but you do believe it will rise over the long term, it is wise (and mathematically sensible) to believe that it is more likely to go up from here than down from here. If you believe that it will go up from here then it is wisest and most profitable to buy all you can right now. DCA is a strategy to minimize the effect of price fluctuations. It is a strategy to use for an asset with slow, small long term value increases alongside short term price fluctuations. It is NOT a strategy to employ when you believe that an asset has a lot of potential value increase on the horizon and a slow cycle of large price fluctuations. That is why I do not use the DCA strategy for BTC. I buy as much as I can as soon as I can, and when the price trends downward I try to free up as much as I can to make those purchases at a discount.

Hell ya! And I dont regret it especially in long term. You may regret it for a bit if it goes down but the best way to fix that. Just turn off emotions and wait.

That is literally how I built mine. Low amounts DCA and chunks on dips. Not sure this is a big dip but what do I know.

I am doing DCA but scale it based on the price. When the price is at ATH I buy let's say $50 a week, when the price drops a certain level I start buying $100 a week, if it drops more then increase to $150 a week. When the price reverses and starts going up again (from the lows) I reset buying back to $50 a week (even if the price is still low) and save the rest to USDC or ISCH ETF to accumulate more powder for next drop... You can set this up to any way, level, or size you want.

Shouldn’t you be happy with lower prices. This means your average strike price is lower with every purchase.

I heard from a friend of a friend on the internet who heard it on her bathroom break, that September is historical a bloody month, for bitcoin. Get ready to buy more.

No .. you don't stop buying when the price dips...

I'm buying

If you’re putting the same dollar amount, then you’re already buying more bitcoin when the price is down. That is the whole idea behind DCA, you don’t even need to pay attention to the price.

Beautiful No body body

I am now in that stage of my Bitcoin journey where I've started writing poems about it I will store my wealth in cyberspace, accessible only through a random scalar burned into my memory, a private key chosen from the 2²⁵⁶ possibilities on the secp256k1 elliptic curve. No device holds it. No file contains it. It exists only as entropy preserved in my head, a seed that derives a public point by scalar multiplication modulo a 256-bit prime. The keyspace is larger than the number of atoms in the universe. There is no password to phish, no server to compromise.The mathematics is absolute and there is nothing you can do abount it.

I must've skipped that stage somehow

Rose are red, violets are blue. Stack sats.

Damn, that’s not just a poem, that’s crypto-cyberpunk scripture…Math as a fortress, mind as a vault. Respect!

I do not trust my own brain though.

Are comics also acceptable? (Check out r/ProofofSheilaComics!)

Are you mozart?

Bitcoin Is The Best Way To Store Wealth For The Future, Jack Mallers Says "You make a decision every single day whether you know it or not," Mallers explained. "Because the dollar is being debased, everyone is a speculator. And in my opinion over the last 15 years and will continue to be so, Bitcoin is the best place to do that. Take the wealth you're creating today, bring it with you tomorrow."

Oh man what a great post thankyou for the contribution OP. You can definitely see the effort.

Daily Discussion, August 30, 2025 Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow. Please check the [previous discussion thread]( for unanswered questions.

**Historical Bitcoin prices for today, August 30th:** 2025 - $108,674 2024 - $59,119 2023 - $27,297 2022 - $19,797 2021 - $47,055 2020 - $11,712 2019 - $9,598 2018 - $6,978 2017 - $4,565 2016 - $578 2015 - $229 2014 - $506 2013 - $138 2012 - $10.8 2011 - $8.8 2010 - $0.10 **Additional Stats:** Bitcoin's current market cap is $2.16 trillion. Bitcoin's current block height is 912425; with the average block time for the last 7 days being 9.35 minutes and the average block size for the last 7 days being 1.58MB. Bitcoin's mining difficulty is currently 129.70 trillion; with the next difficulty adjustment anticipated on 04-Sep-2025 (within 823 blocks). The mining difficulty is currently expected to increase 6.57% to 138.22 trillion. Bitcoin's current block reward is 3.125₿, which is worth $339,605 per block. Bitcoin's average daily miners' revenue for the last 7 days is $56.43M; with the average daily miners' profitability for the last 7 days being $0.0554 per terahash per sec. The next Bitcoin halving is anticipated to happen between 26-Mar-2028 to 20-Apr-2028 (within 137,575 blocks); the block reward will fall to 1.5625₿. There are currently 23,307 reachable Bitcoin nodes. Bitcoin's average daily hashrate for the last 7 days is 996 exahashes per second. Bitcoin's average daily trading volume for the last 7 days is $69.04 billion. Bitcoin's average daily number of transactions for the last 7 days is 514,678. Bitcoin's average transaction fee for the last 7 days is 2.87 sats/VB, with the average fee's USD amount being $0.67; with the median values being 0.8 sats/VB & $0.19 respectively. There are currently 19.91M ₿ in circulation, leaving 1.09M to be mined. There are currently 3.68M ₿ held by companies, governments, DeFi, and ETFs, representing 18.50% of circulating supply. There are currently 56,455,284 nonzero Bitcoin addresses that contain 169.11M UTXOs. Bitcoin's average daily price from 18-Jul-2010 to 30-Aug-2025 is $17,792. Bitcoin's average daily price for the year 2025 is $100,885. 1 US Dollar ($) currently equals: 920 satoshis; making 1 penny equal 9.2 sats. Bitcoin's minimum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $76,271.95 on 08-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $123,344.06 on 13-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's minimum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $74,436.68 on 07-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily decrease for the year 2025 was -$8,182.68 on 03-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily increase for the year 2025 was +$8,216.44 on 02-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's all-time high (intraday) was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin is down 12.68% from the ATH. Bitcoin has reached an all-time high 9 days in 2025. It has been 16 days since the last ATH.

Bought at 16k, bought the 74k dip, and I’m buying more now…

New cycle: Sunday up Monday down

For some reason I always feel so much more relaxed when bitcoin is dipping. When it's ripping I'm always watching charts. When it's dipping idgaf.

Be greedy when others are fearful

f you bought $1,000,000 face (price) of a 10‑yr Treasury in Aug 2015 and reinvested all coupons in whatever treasury was available you would have lost $109k in real value. (Bitcoin realGain same period ≈ $74,190k)

Anyone else use Fold? I was browsing through the rewards and noticed Lyft is giving 9,500% back in BTC? This has to be an error right?

Who is selling?

I'm into Bitcoin like most people here, but I still don't understand how people make these hopium-fueled predictions like Bitcoin going to 500k or a million by 2030. Taking into consideration diminishing returns, which we've seen the past few cycles, how in the fuck can you expect Bitcoin to reach such outlandish prices?

If Bitcoin didn’t go up in price, I wonder how many people would want to own it. Like if it stayed at $108,000 per coin for the foreseeable future, how many people would want to own. Or if Bitcoin went up approximately 2.5 to 3% per year, roughly the rate of inflation, the rate that the dollar loses value. I wonder how many people would own it.

Want to buy $5 per day Pls suggest which platform is best to buy $5/day which has lowest fees etc?

Strike, free withdrawal fee

strike,bull bitcoin ,bitcoin well

Strike. Can set it to do it automatically and it's free.

That's what I do and I use kraken. It's 1% fees on buying and around the same for withdrawing.

did i make the right decision? wish me luck guys, last time i bought Bitcoin was 5 years ago for 100 dollars, and here we are again.

It's a good decision. Hopefully you don't need all that money.

While I am buying and selling BTC in the short term, I still believe it's a good overall long term investment.

I mean... $100 in BTC is not going to do a whole lot for you. I might get downvoted but the gravy train of putting in $100 and making tens of thousands of dollars has long passed. Just don't expect anything much of it, I guess. If BTC triples in value to $300k in 5 years you're only getting triple your investment of $100... so $300. Is $200 over 5 years a good investment? I would say not really.

Nice, but use Limit orders from now on. Instant orders are often more expensive.

I did the same thing, was it a good decision?

Yes. Welcome. Read books

Yes, bitcoin always rebound to the 120k now

It’s more risky to not own BTC at this point. Fiat falling apart by the day.

What was Bitcoin's Value when you first heard about it? I still remember the first time I heard about Bitcoin—it was around 2013. Some random tech blog called it “digital money you can mine on your computer.” I had no idea what to make of it, and the price was around $100 per coin. My first reaction? Honestly, I laughed. I thought, “Who would pay real money for imaginary internet coins?” I even joked with my friend that it sounded like World of Warcraft gold but for adults. Fast forward to today… looking back, I can’t believe I didn’t buy even a tiny amount. The FOMO is real. Curious to hear from the rest of you—what was Bitcoin’s price when you first heard about it, and how did you react? Did you buy, ignore it, or have the same “lol what?” moment I did?e

around 300 EUR. I was "this might be the future" and read more about it. In 2014, i created a Kraken account to buy some, but then got scared by their KYC requirements. Fast forward 7 years, the pandemic heavily affected my small business, i had spare time due to lack of assignments, so i finally competed the KYC and started buying at 30k. It dropped to 17k during the FTX bankruptcy, so i gladly bought some more. still not a wholecoiner.

come across the white paper in 2013 as well, i was in my early 20s and felt it was too technical for me 😪

Mathematically calculating the illustration below, you can buy an ounce of pure gold in 2030 for 0.0015 Bitcoin 📈🚀🥳

I like gold, but not 3 million Satoshis worth of love.

Now, calculate btc in gold ounzes. It should be more linear.

If you extrapolate that, you get to roughly: x22 x5 x1,3 = 0,023

How did you first hear about Bitcoin, and what was your honest reaction? I still remember the first time I heard about Bitcoin. It was around 2013, a random tech blog mentioned this “internet money” that people were mining on their laptops. At the time it was like $100 or so per coin, and I genuinely laughed thinking: “Who would ever pay real money for some computer coins?” I even told a friend, “this sounds like some World of Warcraft gold scam.” Fast forward to today… and yeah, I feel like the biggest clown for not even buying $20 worth just to see what happens. It made me curious though—what about you guys? When was the first time you heard about Bitcoin, what was the price back then, and how did you react?

Guy on fb that I went to high school with that got into finance of some sort, he was always posting about how when it cracked $1000 and it was just the start, vaguely remember charts and long winded paragraphs about how this bitcoin is the future and blah blah blah…I do remember looking at the price history at that time and seeing how it started being worth cents and now it’s $1000s and thinking well this stuff has obviously peaked, it can’t possibly go higher from here!!! lol and now my average buy is 38k is what ill leave you with

I don’t remember exactly when, but I just heard that bitcoin just break 10k. And I feel like it’s too late to join, so I didn’t even research it.

2014: Bitcoin is a scam 2018: Bought some bitcoin b/c a friend made money on bitcoin 2018: Panic sold when it dropped, swore never to touch that shit scam again. 2023: bitcoin pretty cheap, bought some. 2023: read the bitcoin standard, OMG! 2023: stacking 2024: stacking 2025: stacking to be continued

I was offered 1,000 bitcoin for $1000 but btc was technically only worth 50 cents and then how could I know it wasn't a scam (and I don't mean bitcoin but the person who contacted me, could've been all a scam). Then I thought about mining the stuff but even then the process consumed a LOT of CPU cycles... So much that I would have to leave my pc running because I wouldn't be able to work on it while it was mining, yes I know about mining rigs but those weren't exactly cheap for what, they could mine maybe a coin here and there, for what, a dollar or two?

Science class in 2017. Our teacher was talking to us all about how some student in 2012 was trying to convince him to buy 10k worth. The teacher told us he shrugged it off at the time and was telling us about how he could’ve retired had he actually listened. He finished by telling us all how he’d missed the boat and his shot at an early retirement…. to this day I wonder what he’s thinking now and if that student ever held the bitcoin he was stacking

My friend told me about it in 2011. I thought I’d missed the boat haha 😅

On a surf trip in El Salvador. 2017. My host said it would be the most important asset on earth. Shared a lot of doomsday scenarios. I was HOOKED! Thank you Dan! You changed my life!

Listened to Preston Pysh’s podcast for a few years. When he started talking about bitcoin, I started taking it seriously.

Max Keiser, around 2011, I saw a video of him saying to remortgage your house, or empty your savings into bitcoin, do whatever you can to invest whatever you can in bitcoin, he said it will be life changing. I thought he was nuts, but also thought he seemed so sure, that it was worth a risk. So I decided to put £1,000 into it. However, I couldn't find a trustworthy way to buy it, and against my hunch, I didn't buy it. I didn't even do proper research into it, I read some stuff, but didn't develop a proper understanding, that was my mistake. I think it was around $7 when I first tried to buy. Eventually, I finally got in January 2015 at just under $200. And I'm still diamonds with that initial purchase.

You'd be pretty naive to buy it the first time you heard about it. 99.9% you hear something similar it's a scam. However by the 3-4th time you hear about it, you'd be prudent to research it, and buy more as your understanding grows.

2010 as an apprentice in school. It sounded interesting but I couldn't wrap my head around it and forgot about it till 2021. Started learning since. It took me 3 years for my "aha" moment.

I was watching news in tv and they were talking about the story when someone bought a pizza with bitcoin. I stopped and asked my then boyfriend to explain me what it was. I thought this is super exciting and if I ever had any money at the end of the month I would buy some. I’m beating myself up ever since, but then eventually in 2017 I earned some bitcoin and that’s where my story started

An intelligent friend told me to read the book layered money

I heard about it around 2014 - the approach felt really scammy but the guy was nice enough - he set me up with the account and platform but never followed up with me. I was so engrossed with my twin boys and my job at the time had me travelling around Europe so I was living it - not gutted but like ffs man 🤣

In 2011, my friend who was getting his computer science degree at a state university at the time tried to explain it to me. I honestly didn’t understand what he was talking about, but he told me he was using the computers in the computer lab at school to do the “mining” for him with some secret setup he rigged up so the university was eating the cost of the electricity. I had no idea what the fuck that even meant, lol. My first purchase was May 4th, 2019 at $5,643 per coin (just found my photo of my first transaction for $300) and it was straight up used to buy drugs on the dark web, haha! I was a heroin addict at the time and lost my hookups so had to learn how to buy and use bitcoin to get dope mailed to me. Anyway, I got clean shortly after that and got hooked on buying bitcoin instead. Been stacking ever since (although I paid my dues by dabbling in altcoins for a while there, and learned that Bitcoin is king and always will be). I did a ton of research, learned a lot by listening to interviews, podcasts, reading books, etc and have been stacking $2k/ month for the last 3 years (not nearly as much before the first couple years, but definitely got in WAY cheaper than it is now!) and it’s changed my life. Seriously, Bitcoin changed the way I think about money and the way I think about my future. My relation with money and saving/spending has been transformed by Satoshi and his creation. Happy stacking!

First time I heard about Bitcoin was actually from *The Big Bang Theory* episode where the guys realize they mined some years ago and go on a wild hunt for the old laptop. I remember thinking, “Wait… this is a real thing? People are actually using fake internet coins as money?”

On a Torrent website, they asked for Bitcoin donation. I just ignored and forget about it. I should have learn about it back then.

Somewhere round Covid i read about a dutch family who sold their house and every other possessions they had and bought bitcoin with all that money. Since they had no house anymore they start roaming the world in a camper. I thought what a fools for exposing their young children to a life of vagabond existence. Now i pity myself for not having had parents like that lol

Honestly what turned me off about it being a legitimate asset was the people using bitcoin - in college were sketchy frat kids buying coke on Silk Road. When I moved to NY there was an open outcry bitcoin exchange right outside the NYSE for a bit where people (mostly unkept hipsters) were selling the shit for like $300. Most of the original bitcoin buyers in my life were drug users and the academics I really looked up to tended to shit on it

Not my story. But a friend of mine went to his friend’s home and the garage had 20-30 miners going. And that was back in 2015. His friend still holds 2-3K wild BTCs (non - KYC)… Needless to say, he is a whale 🐳.

It was 2012 and I was in a local park with my friends after a long annoying ordeal attempting to buy weed off a crappy dealer when none of the good guys were answering the phone. It was a while ago, but I said something along the lines of "wouldn't it be great if you could just order drugs online" and a friend replied "you can! It's called the Silk road!" "but how does that site not just get shut down?" he explains the Tor network. "But how do you pay without getting traced?" he explains bitcoin to me. When I got home, I almost immediately got myself some internet drugs with internet money. I lost a bit of BTC in the Silk Road raid. That guy from the park is mega rich now.

Bought drugs on Silk Road. Bought 2 btc for $245 each. They dropped to $100 a week later so I bought 50 more.

I think it was not even a paragraph on the *Motley Fool* website that just mentioned it, and said it was for peer to peer financial transactions I recall that I was intrigued. Unfortunately, I wasn't intrigued enough to drop a Benjamin on it

2012 ish I heard about it and remember thinking “ooh interesting”

I don't remember... 18-19yo aprox I probably thought it would be something very complicated and geeky.

Sometime around 2011, on a forum I can't remember, someone mentioned this thing called "bitcoin". I was instantly fixated, because I go for anything that's outside the box. Started buying using Dwolla and some website called CampBX.

I was in Tokyo when Mt Gox blew up. My reaction: pfff, a computer "currency" some goofy français dude was making market with? アホ go away.

[ this was where i first heard about bitcoin.

I ( like a dumb ass ) almost instantly figured it to a short lived thing. Now I could kick myself for not buying any.

I heard about it when it was $200, but had no idea how to buy it. There was no exchange, you had to a tech wizard or a hacker to get a hold of it.

i heard about it first when i was around 15 trying to buy csgo skins in my local community, some kid used to buy and sell bitcoin. i think it was around 450-500 at that time

I first discovered bitcoin when I was buying drugs off alpha bay and silk road on the dark web and im sure it was about 9k each then from localbitcoin.

I read the Bitcoin paper in 2013 during my graduate school studies. I even downloaded a miner, but didn't do anything more than think "interesting consensus mechanism."

Investment Journey with Btc I wanted to take a moment to share an interesting experience I had regarding Bitcoin, which I learned about from my son while I was working on the road in September 2010. During a phone conversation, he inquired whether he could use a few dollars to invest. I asked if he was certain about this decision, to which he confidently affirmed. I encouraged him to proceed with a modest investment. To my surprise, within a week, I discovered that he had invested significantly more than I had anticipated or thought he would. Nevertheless, it turned out to be a wise investment, as it yielded impressive returns . This experience has certainly added a new dimension to our approach to investment, and I thought it might be of interest to share these reflections with you.

2009-2010 on misc and 4chan Tried to mine it didn't work it out Tried to buy it didn't know how Took me best part of a decade to finally buy some even though I've been following it since.

I was on it when it was first introduced didn't understand it much but after learning it became a good investment. Heard about it from YouTube lol

I thought, if it can't hold the value around one dollar, its useless. I bought first time cautiously at 20k.

Heard about it when it was $300 and something each, me and my friend were watching the movie called “dope” and they use bitcoin to wash drug money

I thought that block chain tech was really cool, but bitcoin itself wouldn’t take off.

From a friend, i was very sceptical and didnt buy.

I was given a couple of Antminer S1's by my cousin in 2014, he was a big fan of Bitcoin. This roused my curiosity, so I underclocked the S1's for efficiency and started mining. I had them running for a few months, but they were old hat by then and cost more to run than the value of the Bitcoin I was mining. So I shut them down. I then forgot about it until the summer of 2017 when things were starting to heat up. I opened a Cryptopia account and used my Bitcoin for trading (quite successfully as it happens). I then made the mistake of keeping my funds on the exchange. Cryptopia then went kaput in early 2019 and all coins were locked. I then continued to buy Bitcoin (slowly) with any spare cash I had, which wasn't much but looks really good today. I'm in a better place financially now and have continued buying since. I got about 90% of my locked stack back from Cryptopia in December last year and should be getting the rest in September. Lesson learned and it is now in cold storage with the rest of my stack, where it will remain indefinitely.

I heard about it in 2011. My concern was that if they could create BTC, they could create a million shitcoins, which they did. It took me a long time to dip my toe in. When Greyscale won their suit vs the SEC, and Blackrock filed for an ETF, I went in hard.

I somehow managed to download bitcoin wallet from somewhere. In 2009 Think article said it cost 10cnts now. But i didnt know how to buy it. Later forgot about it at all.

2011, at first I thought "cool, open source money", then I mined and tried to use it and thought "this shit is stupid, nobody will ever use it" as you needed a full Bitcoin-qt node just to use it because there were no SPV wallets not mnemonic phrases. Fast forward to 2025, I'm working at a Bitcoin company, co-organize my local meetup, volunteer at many Bitcoin education initiatives, do consulting for some small Bitcoin projects, and basically my whole life is based around Bitcoin.

About 2013-2014 or so heard about it first time when it was like ~$1000. Thought it was a cool concept. Did the math in my head about it potentially reaching $100k. Wanted to buy 10. Started researching a bit but thought it was pretty complicated to hold my own keys and figured there’s no way it would find broad appeal based on that and gave up. Had just bought a house a few years prior and almost all my income was going into it. Wish I had spent even just one more day researching it. I’m usually an early tech adopter so I know I would’ve probably gone all in if I just made that first step.

I heard about bitcoin mining and that it was apparently illegal

My friend mentioned it to me and talked about how it was mined on computers with decent graphics cards (at the time). Well, the one thing I had spent money on was a pc with a good system and a nice graphics card, so I asked him about how you set it up. He laughed and said it wasn't even worth the electricity it took to mine it. That running it would burn out my system. That was the running thought for a while: It's not worth the time, not worth the electricity. I should have read a bit more and tried to set it up on my own, but I was easily swayed by the people around me then. I stopped paying attention to it. Hindsight, etc.

In 2011 I googled "how to make money with your computer" and stumbled on bitcoin mining. I didn't consider it something you'd buy for about 4 more years. I didn't really understand bitcoin for another 2 years.

I don’t know if I officially heard about Bitcoin till 2017 highs… at which point there were Netflix specials, etc. Unofficially… I was peripherally aware of it around 2013/2014. Anywhere between overhearing about Bitcoin ATMs and the 22000 BTC for pizza.

Same thing happened to me. Heard about Bitcoin back in 2013 and completely laughed it off and dismissed. I wish I would've taken a moment and just listened.

CIA + NSA called me... and i buy it like for obligation!!!

I first heard about Bitcoin in 2016 when I got info from the internet. I was browsing tech forums and cryptocurrency discussions online, and kept seeing people talking about this "digital money" that could potentially make good returns. My honest reaction? I thought it was some kind of scam or pyramid scheme! I remember Bitcoin was around $400-600 at the time, and people online were trying to convince others to buy some. I was like, "Why would I pay real money for fake internet coins?" I was skeptical because: * It seemed too good to be true * I didn't understand the technology behind it * The whole concept of decentralized currency was foreign to me * I was worried about losing my hard-earned money But curiosity got the better of me, so I started researching deeper. I spent weeks reading articles, watching YouTube videos, and trying to understand how it all worked. The more I learned, the more fascinated I became with the technology. My biggest regret? I waited almost 6 months before making my first small purchase. If I had bought when I first read about it online, well... we all know how that story goes! 😅 Now I'm deeply involved in crypto trading and blockchain technology. Sometimes the best opportunities come disguised as things that seem "too crazy to be true." Bitcoin taught me to keep an open mind and do proper research before dismissing new innovations

around sometime in 2009-2010 in the office, a few people were freaking out that it had just reached .17 cents

In prison in 2012 or 13 watchin Sunday Morning with Charlie Rose he did a story about a bar in London or somewere that said u can buy any drink u want with 5$ worth of btc. I was interested in it i just wanted to know what it was and eventually I learned

It was a customer who told me about it. I looked on the internet and the 2 sentences of explanation seemed to me to be Chinese! It took me 3 months to understand the world of crypto... then I said to myself: why didn't I know about this sooner!

came across btc in 2011 when searching for “free online money” on the internet. sadly i was only 10. tried to mine on my dad’s laptop til it started smelling like hot dust

The first time I ran into Bitcoin it was a virus. I was working as a sysadmin for an SMB in Scarborough. One of the users was complaining that her computer was horrifically slow. It turned out that it was mining Bitcoin - probably not for her. I removed the malware. Now I wonder how many bitcoins I lost. If only I could go back in time and take a better look at it. My next experience was that it was used as the address to send payment in some email scam. Needless to say, neither of these experiences endeared me to bitcoin. It gave me the distinct impression that Bitcoin was dark, underbelly of the internet kind of stuff. It wasn't until 2020 and the onset of COVID that I began to think about Bitcoin again.

Buddy of mine told me about it in like 2013. My reaction was "can you explain that a bit better." Still haven't gotten an understandable response from anybody.

Eu vi essa porra em 2008 não tinha nem lançado na comunidade coberpunk vi em 2009 minerei e perdi a carteira em 2010 vi a porra do daniel fraga e achei que ele era 171 só me interessei realmente em 2018 quando sentei para estudar aí comprei toda minha poupança nele me arrependo de não ter botado todo meu patrimônio estudo e pesquiso blockchain até hoje

Darknet, back when it was $70 a piece. I cared more about WoW gold back then though...

Bitcoin hashrate Hashrate is the fundamental P/E ratio of Bitcoin. It’s the network’s “earnings” .. raw energy and capital invested … and price is just the multiple markets are willing to pay. When BTC trades above hashrate, it’s froth. When BTC trades below hashrate, it’s undervaluation. Right now, $113K fair value is the Street’s equivalent of “book.” On Wall Street, you don’t fade fundamentals forever. Price mean-reverts. Hashrate rising = capital inflows compounding = structural bid. This isn’t speculation. It’s the closest thing finance has to physics.

The hash rate doesn’t actually change the amount of bitcoin produced - the size of the pie is pretty much fixed by the constantly adjusting difficulty factor. The hash rate really is a feature of miners competing for a bigger slice of the pie, not in increasing or decreasing the amount of blocks and coin actually created. Lots of interesting features to the hash rate, but they don’t really impact what’s going on in the bitcoin market. The block production rate will remain more or less constant whether there are millions of ASICs churning or one guy with a laptop.

Price is obvious, but what is "earnings" here? Earnings in btc go down every 4 years. How do you propose that forces price higher? I don't disagree, but you need fewer flowery words and more expressions if you're going to draw comparisons to physics.

I recommend you to watch the whole videos of the Hashpower Academy in YouTube

hash rate is a lagging indicator, it declines more slowly than the price during a downturn and accelerates more slowly than the price during an upturn. but it is always the price that drives the hash rate. to be more accurate still, the total value of mining rewards drives the total investment into mining, with the actual hash rate following from how much that investment translates into hashes based on mining technology, energy prices, etc.

Hmm. Thanks for sharing. That’s a really interesting way to think of it. How are you comparing the hashrate in TH/s to the BTC fiat price?

its $107k. if its under when i wake up im buying lets gooooo🅱️🟠

Dont you threaten us with a good time

I would not be surprised if it went to 100k and bounced. There’s a weekly red candle with buying support down to 101.

Going to $93k. That’s it. That’s the floor. Then 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

No fiat left to buy anymore 😢

If it hits under 100k I will use my kids college funds and sell my house then move my wife’s parents place.

CME game at 92k area just wait

Just set a buy order?

Aaaand its up

I do one better, if it's >107k or <107k, I'll continue to hold.

Buy now. And buy tomorrow

Why wait? Buy now and later

Lots of shorts gonna get wrecked soon.

If my boat sells on Monday I have an extra $5-6k to put in immediately and an extra $500 to DCA each month. That will take my monthly buy up to $1k.

$106,900 vs $107,000… just buy

I bought so many times all the way down from $118K lol the ride up is going to be fun.

Ill go ahead and get a personal loan for BTC if it goes below 100k again.

Watch it stay at 108k for a while. You don’t buy. Then it skyrockets a few weeks later to $180k. You beat yourself up for not buying.

Will drop to 95k my guy

50k lets go

Place buy orders

you mean 106k, that quite scary

Will be back 70k before skyrocket

I'm a buyer @ 95k

I hope it keeps falling, I can't buy in until Wednesday

Play drums and make announcements.

Can’t wait for it to go down more. I’m ready

Waiting until $100k

Sell now! 🤤

You know what? Are you buying already or waiting a bit more?

I got my bags of fiat ready to sell anytime so Im buying everytime, no problem here life's good. Stay humble stack sats.

Hopium is hear, I will wait

Buying more each and everyday

Unicode Has A ₿itcoin Sym₿ol to type it on windows it is alt+8127 ₿ This Symbol was added to unicode 10.0 in 2017 - ₿₿₿₿

This is ₿rilliant

I use this we₿site to copy the symbol for use as I'm on smartphone

Question regarding robinhood crypto withdraw to cold storage My question is lets say i have 1 bitcoin and i need to transfer to cold wallet the limit i have been told is $5000 usd per day is it more or less? My other question is if that bitcoin is in cold storage can i transfer back to robinhood that one bitcoin how long will it take if i want to transfer from cold storage to my robinhood account is there a limit per day or as many bitcoin as you can? Also cold storage bitcoin i can transfer to any brokerage not just robinhood correct? Last question is what cold wallet do you recommend for a newbie thats wants to transfer his bitcoin to cold storage thank you in advance!

Yeah I think it’s $5000 per day, but you can request to remove the limit. You can transfer back to RH, no problem. Time just depends on the network but probably on the order of an hour with confirmations. No limits transferring in. And yep, can transfer to any exchange. I have a Coldcard MK4, but would start with a Coldcard Q if I didn’t have one.

Fairly new to BTC. Is crypto exchange app a good place to buy BTC? Hello. I just started investing BTC this year and put 1000 into it. I started using the cyrpto.com app but heard that fees for withdrawing were high so i moved them into the cyrpto.com exchange app. I honeslty don't know what I'm doing and I hope it is at least aligning with my goal. My goal is to hold long term (20+ years). So is keeping my BTC in the exchange the best way to do this?

Kraken is really the way to go for me in exchanges. It’s never been hacked and reliable company. It’s the only exchange where I’d keep some crypto.

I got tons of dms but no comments on my post. Are these dms just scams?

Man what happened to btc it went dip and i bought it and it dip again and again Is it just going down. Why

Will you ask and be concerned when it goes up?

It’s your fault. Stop buying.

It’s up 100% in the past year. Whenever you buy BTC you should be prepared to hold a minimum of 4 years. The day to day price action is irrelevant.

You broke it

What is op talking about it’s super close to all time highs?

Because more sellers than buyers momentarily. It’s how prices change. When it’s more buyers than sellers it will go up again. The advice is don’t worry about daily price movement, and hold long term for reliable gains. The reason people sell is different for everyone. You can check the news and start following things like fed interest rates, the meetings they hold, gov regulation, companies or gov buying bitcoin, all these things drive the market one way or another as a lot of price action is news driven.

I use my earnings from TQQQ, bought at 118k, then 115k, then 111k. Now no more money left..

Wait two weeks

Buys Bitcoin Where lambo

Markets do market things, any other questions?

Take this advice. Sell all your BTC because if this drop is freaking you out, you’ll not be able to stomach what’s coming up next. This might drop to 70k before it goes up again. The whales are selling and it’ll be a while before they’re done :)

first time? lol

Research the Bitcoin CME Futures chart aka the Bitcoin CME Gap. Plus SeptemBEAR is coming. Plus the FOMC meeting on Sept 16-17, to cut or not to cut Interest Rates. After that, maybe go to the 🌙 moon

Friday end of the month usa and games whales play.

BTC CEO said they needed to cut prices to spur demand.

Ah yes, the old tripple dip... hawt

U must be new to this industry haha

Have you not looked at bitcoin's historical chart?

God damn must we see the same freaking posts over and over and over again for years on end. “BTC fell from $98K to $93K 😢😢 waaaaa waaaa should I sell????” You people are so fucking exhausting

Might be the start of crypto winter. Or not.

Whales eating retail money & shredding weak hands. Don’t be one. Atleast buy the ETF

Saving my money for $75k

Tradfi: "it's OG whales selling". Me: yes there might be some whales selling; but the pattern rhymes with the price suppression via derivatives that tradfi exerts over the precious metals markets. Once you invite them in you can't blame them for being the snakes they are. They make commissions regardless of number go up or down. You think they want a bitcoin standard? Gimme a break...

Just keep buying whenever you can. Don't sell. Go live your life and be patient. You got this lol

Buy more, so we can buy mkre

Just a side note when I see these threads asking about BTC price what is the background on the ‘bitcoin CEO decided the price is too high/low’ joke. Tried googling but no answer lol

Jeez that sucks your probably the only person that ever happened to

Looks like you bought the wrong dip... need to keep waiting to make sure all the dips have come and then buy 🫣

Thats normal when you buy 😂

Uptober is coming DCA mid end september

I get excited when it dips. You should too.

Because is part of the process. Go back in the years and see the pattern for the prices. You’ll get it after that

It went straight up all year! It might push up one more time, or it's gonna start downturning for a few years. I use coinbits and whenever I buy something it rounds it up to the next dollar I put in 20 bucks every 2 to 4 days and can put a certain amount once a week or so if I choose to. It's a market it won't always go straight up. That's just how it is. Just DCA, and eventually, you won't even care where it's at, haha 😂💯🤷‍♂️

Yawn... ZZZzzz

It’s on sale. You should DCA at least four whole coins each week at this price.

It’s over. Sell now before you lose everything

Isn't there a separate subreddit for complaining about the price of Bitcoin?

The CEO gave the order to provide discounts to consumers….you should have read the last quarterly earnings

Good, good, buy moar.

it’s just Bitcoin being Bitcoin. in the long run, it only goes up. Just look at the Full chart.

Homie Bitcoin does what Bitcoin does. Just keep buying on set intervals.

Who the hell complains about saving money during a sale?!

Isn’t that what it’s done for like ten years? What am I missing

Sellers more than buyers

And buy again and then buy again

Keep buying until btc hits $10, then sell, so we can load up on your cheap btc.

It is something good happening. Keep buying the dip.

It's going to $0. Sell now or live with regret.

Always. Buy and dip. HODL is the recipe and don’t look every day.

When buying the dip goes wrong.

Panic sell!!! It’s all over!!!! I really mean it!

I think trumps death rumors is why it dropped a bit But it’s also always going up and down.

Thanks for the joke. I had a good laugh.

You bought the dip but should’ve bought the dippity dip.

Multi sig signer Is having hardware wallet and an app on your phone like sparrow or nunchuck and a spare wallet at a different location count as 3 signers and the norm for multi sig? Or is that only as good as single wallet?

Multisig is not about the software and hardware. Multisig is about the mnemonics. With a typical 2-of-3 setup, you'd set up the wallet with 3 mnemonics, then you'd need to input 2 mnemonics out of the 3 in the same hardware wallet to be able to spend. Using a phone app to input the mnemonics is not viable as the mnemonics should never be exposed to an online device, but you'll import your multisig wallet to a phone (or PC) app as watch-only, where you'll be able to see your balance and generate receiving addresses. You'll also be able to generate partially signed transactions in the app (send x BTC to Bob), and use your hardware wallet to sign those.

Sparrow doesn't have a mobile app. A multisig is just and n of m set of private keys to spend from a wallet. You can construct a multisig wallet using any combination of keys be they keys stored on a Jade or a trezor or a Tapsigner or a cold card or a hot wallet. Once you've configured the wallet and you've associated the keys you can generate the PSBT and sign it with the appropriate number of keys to meet the n of m requirement. Don't get hung up on the devices that function as key signers. You can literally have an 11 of 14 multisig and all 14 keys be generated on and used from the same hardware device if you like. It would be a bitch to do but 100% possible. You an use any wallet software that supports various key sources as well. Sparrow on desktop or Nunchuk on mobile or desktop are great options. Each supports a different subset of hardware signers so be aware of that when you decide what to use.

I see so multi sig is really for multi custodian wallets not single. Learning more about this every day. I dont need to implement it was really confused on it. Thank you for the clarification.

What do you choose?

this is why people don’t like us

Deep Congrats on your 1000 sats

I take the ecstasy pill and jack off

Looking for a mentor Hi, I'm in Sydney. Currently looking for someone with extensive experience in Bitcoin & cryptos. It's my first time with this, so I do not know the different ways to invest and I like to meet someone who knows, rather than watching YouTube videos as there is too much disinformation. I'm very interested and willing to learn and give remuneration to the right person Thanks,

Don't buy shitcoins DCA HODL

Do NOT trust anybody ! specially in your DMs ; )

Go to a Bitcoin Sydney meetup and start listening. You might meet me there.

You dont need mentor nor advicer or anything, just buy and hold. couldnt be more complicated.

Ignore ***anyone*** who offers to help you via DMs. They will ***all*** be scammers. If they won't give their advice publicly where it's open to scrutiny, it'll be bad advice. Read the wiki/faq in the sidebar here or over on /r/BitcoinBeginners Stick to the ***reputable*** exchanges & wallets listed in those wikis/faqs ***only***. Basic principle: * Step 1: Buy bitcoin * Step 2: Wait Sounds simple, but it's amazing how many fail at one of those 2 steps. Bear in mind that if you're unable or unwilling to hold for at least 4 years, then you're not *investing*, you're *gambling*, and that rarely ends well.

Read the FAQ. Don't do drugs.

You don’t need one - just buy BTC and hold

I’ll be your mentor, just send me your email and password and I’ll be happy to help you with anything!

Buy BTC using the money that you can afford to lose, DCA routinely (every month, every week up to you..) sell your BTC for Fiat only for the amount that you need.

Read the bitcoin standard book (or listen to audiobook)

Bitcoin mentor in Canada

Best advice anyone can give you. Don’t buy anything except bitcoin. No shitcoins

The eternal flame of Bitcoin burns on!

You must be a fun-gi

It's animated! I think that's a good sign the price is going back up.

Buying $10k in bitcoin p2p? I have been saving from my weekend part time job for the last 2 years and I have almost $10k cash saved. What are my best options to make this transaction? Considering fees and spread and of course tax because I get paid cash at end of every shift. Thanks!

Bisq, robosats

Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Marketplaces Bisq: open-source desktop app, totally decentralized. Trades settle on-chain with multisig escrow. Slower but very sovereign. RoboSats: Lightning-only, Tor-based, one-time robot avatars. Fast and simple for smaller buys. HodlHodl: P2P with multisig contracts. Web interface, custody, non-KYC. Acquisition: RoboSats (small), HodlHodl (medium), Bisq/cash (large). Hot wallet: Phoenix (best balance) or Muun (easier but less sovereign). Desktop HQ: Sparrow (coin control, UTXO hygiene, multisig, node connection). Cold storage: Coldcard (deep vault, air-gapped, Bitcoin-only). This stack gives you maximum sovereignty + optionality. Your hot wallet is for spending, Sparrow is your coordinator, and Coldcard is your deep savings. All acquired non-KYC and no surveillance strings attached. 1. Acquisition Layer — Peer-to-Peer (Non-KYC Sources) This is how you get your sats without an exchange. Options: • RoboSats (Lightning-only, Tor-based) • Pros: Extremely intuitive, low fees (~0.2%), fully anonymous avatars, fast settlement. • Cons: Lightning only (not ideal for very large trades), liquidity depends on your region. HodlHodl (on-chain multisig escrow) • Pros: Clean UI, multisig escrow for trust, supports larger trades & recurring contracts. • Cons: Web-based (centralized matching, though non-custodial), fees ~0.6%. • Bisq (desktop DEX, on-chain multisig escrow) • Pros: Fully decentralized, no central servers, very resilient. • Cons: Clunky UX, slower trades, liquidity thin in some fiat pairs, higher fees (0.1–0.7% + on-chain fees). • Local Cash Trades (meetups, trusted contacts) • Pros: Maximum privacy (no digital trail), potentially zero fees. • Cons: Requires trust & safety measures, not scalable. Best practice: • Small daily DCA → RoboSats ( $20-$500 ) • Medium recurring buys → HodlHodl ( $200-$5k ) •Large lump sums → Bisq or trusted cash trade. ( $1k- $20k+ ) Hot Wallet Layer — Daily Spending (Checking Account) 2. This is where you live with your sats — groceries, Lightning tips, daily movement. Phoenix (recommended) • Pros: Self-custodial Lightning wallet, auto channel management, best balance of sovereignty & ease. • Cons: Small fee (~1% channel creation) when you first receive, minor UX learning curve. Muun: • Pros: Unified on-chain + Lightning balance, very clean UX. • Cons: Relies on Muun’s routing for Lightning. BlueWallet (legacy use) • Still decent for watch-only or PSBT signing, but Lightning service is shutting down. Fees: • Lightning routing ~ <1% usually negligible. • Phoenix channel creation ~1% once per inbound channel. 3. Desktop Coordinator Layer — Sparrow (Bank HQ / Control Center) This is your mission control. • Role: Oversee wallets, manage UTXOs, construct transactions, and broadcast after signing with Coldcard. • Pros: • Full coin control (labeling UTXOs, separating KYC vs non-KYC). • Multi-sig support. • Connects directly to your node (privacy, no 3rd party servers). •Supports PSBT workflows with Coldcard. •Cons: • Desktop only (not mobile). • Requires some learning for coin control & advanced privacy. • Fees: Just on-chain mining fees — Sparrow doesn’t take a cut. 📖 Think of it like your bank headquarters — you don’t store coins here, but you manage the books. 4. Cold Storage Layer — Coldcard (Vault / Treasury) This is where your long-term stack lives, untouched. •Role: Offline hardware wallet for deep cold storage. • Pros: • Bitcoin-only (laser-focused security). • Air-gapped signing via microSD or NFC (never touches a PC). • Advanced features (duress PINs, brick-me PIN, dice-roll entropy, multisig). • Cons: • UX is intimidating for beginners (keypad + microSD workflows). • More expensive than entry-level wallets (~$167–$240). • Fees: None. Just pay on-chain fees when you move coins. 📖 Think of it like your Federal Reserve vault — you don’t touch it often, but it’s where your real reserves sit.

Wouldve been better off just using cashapp even and dca buying each month

Buy on kraken pro (lowest spread/fee), then send to a strike via lightning (free) then send to your cold storage for free using the longer send method

You could do 20 robosats $500 buys

Just use kraken or something and set a limit order

Use strike

I need to rephrase maybe. I am looking to buy with cash no bank transfers no digital banking of any kind. Just pure cash for bitcoin transaction.

Start doing some DCA at home progressively and, if possible, with self-custody!

River or strike have low fees. I use river for dca, eventually will move to hca.

Put the cash in bank account. Download strike app. Buy bitcoin on strike app with the cash in your bank account. Move to cold wallet (trezor, etc) when you learn more

What's your preferred method for securing your Bitcoin (e.g., hardware wallet, multi-sig, self-custody hacks)? Share your best practices for keeping your BTC safe.

2-3 MS with

Seedsigner

Cold wallet, backup seed phase with 2-3 shares using shamir's secret sharing

The life we choosed ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Just dollar cost average in on the way down.

I’m a lone wolf, I bought bitcoin at 120k right before the dip 😎

Gold needs a ship, Bitcoin fits in your pocket✔️

I'll remember this when I need to move a billion dollars.

Bitcoin fits in your head brother

Whoever made this up doesn’t understand bitcoin as it’s stored on the blockchain and not the device so there’s no transporting needed.

The stupid thing about this post is how small $1b of gold actually is and the fact that you wouldn’t manually carry $1b around you’d just fucking send it 💀

So tired of stupid posts like this

Fun fact: adding another 1 billion in BTC to the hardware wallet does not increase its physical weight

bro what? just send a transaction, you don't need to carry a ledger point to point, what are you a carrier pigeon?

Except that $1 Billion in gold would fit in the bed of a truck.

*coldcard*

Best for corruption and wedge attacks ☺️

Bitcoin is much easier to steal which is the downside

While I don’t disagree with the general ideal here the meme is total bullshit as $1B worth of gold is under 19,000 lbs. you could transport that in a small container.

One gets lost in a landfill never to be seen again, yet we can find sunken ships from a thousand years ago. Don’t lose your value.

Throw both in the ocean and see which you prefer

Boat *could* sink Block cannot de-confirm

Ship looks like the old Imperial Tofino with some modifications.

It's actually less than that. The bitcoin never moved. What you see in the image is a person transporting a private key. The bitcoin itself was on the block chain the entire time.

Only one survives a massive solar flare.

Have you heard of futures?

Quite dumb to use a Ledger 🤭

OP is a bot

Completely wrong , You don't need that hardware to do a transaction. Gold is shipped internationally via plane , rarely would something of that value be on a shipping container , unless it's unrefined / unprocessed. AI bullshit.

And its ez to steal a ship than a 24 word key

You don’t even need a pocket. But one wrong step your money will be pocketed by scammers.

Sorry but these posts are just stupid.

That device does not store bitcoins, it’s a glorified password. $1B of gold is about 55 metric tons. How much do you think the collective weight of the Bitcoin network is that would be needed to mine a single $1B transaction?

That means Bitcoin is easy to get robbed?

Shit posts like these are making a resurgence. Reminds me of 2022-2023. You remember what happened then?

Wait til he hears about banks

There’s gold on that ship. There is no Bitcoin in that wallet.

Gold needs a ship. Bitcoin needs a pocket.

Tell me again how convenient crypto is when you're on your third try of your passkey and can't find that piece of paper with your seed recovery phrase words.

no shit, One its a real thing and the other just pure dígits. 🙄

Except gold has actual uses

BTC is numbers on a screen. Fugazi, figaaaziii not real

4 years ago… “4 years ago, when I talked about Bitcoin at home, I could see the faces of the people in front of me saying, ‘This guy has lost his mind * "When you try something new, people will look at you strangely. But if you succeed, they will all ask you how you did it."

Dark souls npcs behaviour as it's finest

Wallet? What does everyone use to get bitcoin?

CEX, DEX, P2P

An exchange. Wallets do not buy or sell anything, they manage keys and sign transactions. To get BTC you need an exchange or a vending service which is not the same as a wallet. Read the FAQ. Exchanges depend on your country.

Shower thought Any of you think in the not so far future, more like 2140, the older og coins will become collectible/have more value to the crazy elites/collectors than newer mined coins like old bills, coins, gold, even pokemon cards lol, etc? The plus is that they wouldn't have to be graded for any damage or stains or creases like cards or comics. Every sat is on the chain and can be traced back to when it was mined. Like if someone is holding on to some coins from 2009/2010 in the year 2080+ and sends to a buyer that wants og coins and is willing to pay double or more than current rate (talking about wallet to wallet, not exchange). Crazy rich collectors pay crazy prices for old or rare stuff all the time, might want to show off they have old coins and frame the block on their walls, no?

Some people were fooled into thinking sats could be "rare" or that tokenized ugly art was valuable. Humans are kinda dumb. I don't expect them to be any smarter in 2140.

No. “Old coins” won’t be worth more than “new coins.” They are all just lines of code and the moment an old coin gets sold off it will mix into a wallet with new coins.

Are you calling sats "coins"?

vanity addresses will be worth a ton

Okay, fun and serious question: If Bitcoin were $500,000 right now, would we be happy? Or, wonder when it's going higher? Seriously, when is Bitcoin fairly valued? Is it Cathy Wood's $1.3M? Tom Lee's $2.5 to $3.0? Saylor's $13.M or his $21.0M? What's the nummie?

No. I’m never happy.

I'd be happy, honestly

We reached $125,000 and now people are mad and upset because we are down to $108,000. The answer is no because of soft silk hands. Also diamond hands would just nod and be like, okay HODL and perhaps celebrate briefly and then again at $1,000,000 and so on. Is always a battle between soft silk hands and diamond hands.

I would always be poor because I'm a wimp and I only have 10% of my portfolio in bitcoin

I am happy that I studied Bitcoin. I am happy to hodl it right now. I am happy to still get cheap sats. I am happy to know there is no second best. I am happy to know it goes up forever, Laura.

I would be very sad because I didn’t have time to stack more

I’m happy now, and I’ll be happy later. It’s going up forever so if by happy you mean selling, then never. I’m just happy to own it and if I need to buy something I’m happy I can.

You will never be happy….. If you sell at the price you want it to be, you will be pissed when you see the price doubles a few months later. The best thing you can do is just learn to enjoy life with what you got already. Still stack Sats even though you’ll never be happy with whatever the price is, happiness is not measured in dollars. The habits and relationships you have when you’re worth $5000 will be the same when you have $5 million. Learned to have good habits and relationships early.

I have a significant amount purchased at a relatively low price. BTC has significantly outperformed all other investments I have including real estate, 401k and IRA holdings. My BTC gives me hope that one day I'll be wealthy and will be able to retire comfortably. I'm happy with it now so $500k will make me happy too, but I dont expect it to stop there.

Bitcoin is like a drug. I’m always chasing the highs but never satisfied. Just quick dopamine hits along the way to 10$ million a coin

We as Bitcoiners , feel exactly the same. Bitcoin changes hands and sentiment always stays the same like we hit previous ath.

No because I am not even a wholecoiner 🥲

It’s the people who get in at each ATH that aren’t happy. People who got in at 20k are ecstatic rn. I got in 80’s and still hungry. It’s relative.

No. This just means we'll be able to stack less btc whenever we make any fiat.

Im more than happy with btc at 108.

would be retired

I’ll be happy if bitcoin was at $50,000 or $500,000 lol. One day people will stop comparing it to the $

I’m happy at $100k. I’d be more happy at $50k so I can load up, then sit back and watch the run-up to $500k+

My happiness is not related to Bitcoin's price

Did the math. Can't afford the a Disney park world tour yet... needs to go higher and I need to buy more.

Id honestly quit working, idk about “happy”

Huh? The price he irrelevant, it's an exponential growth so only the rate of return is relevant (same as stocks).

I’ve owned btc since it was sub $5k. I used to say if it ever hit $100k I’d be ecstatic and that I wouldn’t be happier. Well, now I’m annoyed we’re “only” sitting at a little over 100k. So as much as I would like to think I’d be super happy, the answer is I probably wouldn’t.

Urghh BTC has been on a straight line all week, sometimes 499k, sometimes 501k, but seemingly never able to break out of that boring narrow range. Remember the thrill we all felt when it shot from 420 to 510? That is why I got into Bitcoin in the first place, like sniffing a line. But a measly 500k... forever? It's already been eight maybe nine days. The missus wants us to buy a private jet. If I go back to her with the truth she will tell me for the umpteenth time that Bitcoin is a scam. This time I won't have any counterarguments.

One of the big wigs at fidelity thinks 1 billion a coin by 2040

I'll check back in 5-10 years when I wipe like to dial back my career. Until then I stack sats.

Investments are always relative. I don’t care what the number is because my portfolio is up xyz%, and I am happy now because it’s up

I certainly would be

Yes, I would sell

I’d be sad it would take $500 to get 100k satoshis. But I’d still be happy.

Yes, why not?

nope. probably be pissed.

No I'm going to be bored all the way to a mil.

We always want more!

I’d be ecstatic

Happy but also sad it isn’t “cheap”

No, I dont own enough yet for it to multiply that much !!

Fun fact: happiness comes at $2,000,000

1 bitcoin is 1 bitcoin. I’m still genuinely stumped why anyone buys to sell them ever. Let them appreciate, forever, live on the yield.

Happy yes. Satisfied, nah dude

$500K would make a majority of people happy.

It would then drop to 490k and everyone would start cutting themselves again.

Yeah. I’d feel pretty smart.

Yes and somehow still wanting it to go higher. Shame on me.

I’d be bummed because I just started last month. Only got $900 in right now. Wait a year or two, please.

On one point, yes. It would be fantastic to watch the continued growth of the movement and it is nice seeing my net worth rise. On the other side, no. It means I can't buy at 100k prices. 😅

I would only need two to speed run getting to a million? Sounds good to me. I need to get back to mining ASAP lol

Yes. That is my "time to start spending and stop working" level.

Yeah, is be very happy with that. I'd never have to work again

Yes. Retire time

Depends. If it was $500,500 10 minutes ago, then no.

Go away… I’m stacking!

If you think the endgame involves a price in dollars, I don't think you are thinking clearly about the game being played. Good money will drive out bad until you have 21M coins to account for more or less everything in the economy. The value of each coin then slowly grinds higher as productivity gains grow the size of the "everything" the money represents. It's going up forever, Laura.

never selling. Price don’t matter. All I do is take small loans with a small fraction of my stack to harvest cash to live off of and roll over the loan repeatedly to have tax-free income forever.

I’d be thrilled

I'm never satisfied it needs to go $1 mil next

Yes. Your time is yours if you have money.

Yes and no. Yes I would have a nice chunk of change. No I would not have enough to be satisfied.

One day laws will be passed pegging the value of our reserve currency to Bitcoin. Like 1USD=1sat

Depends, was it $510,000 last week?

Sure i'd be happy, no reason not to be Now if you're asking if I'd be satisfied, then no.

Of course we’d be happy. We aren’t even 2x last cycle ATH lmao. That’s why nobody is happy and sentiment is miserable at 108k

just another day

Gold's market cap parity is the basic price for me. So 1M usd and then sp500 at 2.5M..

I would sell. I don't think $500k is the right price point for today. I think that's what it'll be worth in 4-6 years. I would be selling off 2-3% of my portfolio every single day if it was that high. And I'd be very happy while doing it. Diversify and rebalance my portfolio a bit. If it can't back down, I'd start to DCA in again below $180-200k. If it never reset to a value I thought was low enough, I'd accept my decision and enjoy my retirement all the same

It’s not related to my happiness, but it does have something to do with a part of my current goal, so I’ve taken the action. It’s a general advice but, never place your sense of happiness on something that will easily change. Develop it on something that no one can ever take away.

Happy??? Wtf is that?

that, with a tax break on capital gains would be a nice exit point for me.

Yes I’d be retired

Yes. Purely to troll Peter Schiff.

If bitcoin were 500k right now couldn't you mine with your desktop computer and be profitable, like the good old days? What comes after zeta hash? Update: Ai tells me after Zeta hash it will be Yotta hash. So in answer to your question it would make me happy saying Yotta hash every now and again should bitcoin jump to $500k.

The sentiment will be the exact same at 500000.

We'd be in deep depression if it had *crashed* down to 500k from 750k.

Wake me up at 21mil

Today I hesitate to sell because of the possibility that the price could go to a million. Recently it occurred to me that, if the price went to a million, I would hesitate to sell because of the possibility that the price might go to ten million.

With the amount of bitcoin I currently own, I'll need it to hit Saylor's $13m for me to be able to retire.

No, I need more and The cheeper the better until I have att least 0.1.

If it all of a sudden reached that point. The platform won’t be able to pay me the billions I made of my 125x future position 🤣

We are humans, we are never happy.

Bitcoin was supposed to be a currency but do you know anyone that ever buys anything with it? Remember when every store used to take bitcoin but now nothing ? And most would say you’re crazy if you ever spend it so what is it all going to be for ? Don’t get me wrong I’m on board with it but what’s the purpose of it all ?

No, everybody would be wishing they'd bought more, saying to hold off until the dip to $250 k, arguing about spam vs. letting a crazy guy run BTC, etc.

I’d be very happy. But even before that, Bitcoin has helped give me hope.

1 btc = 1 btc

The models I’ve run show BTC hitting $1m by Sep 2032. Same models show ~$40k BTC still likely.

No because the bitcoin I had at sub $1k and sold would make me feel that much worse

Sure. I’m happy with it over 100k

No. Take away 3-5 of the zeros and I'd be happy. Sale prices make stack grow faster.

Im happy where it is now. Its all icing on the cake from here on out for me.

I believe Bitcoin will be fairly valued when it's worth 0, not zero dollars, just zero. What I mean is that its true value will be realized when it replaces all existing currencies like the dollar, pound, and euro.

Absolutely not coz i have not reached my satisfactory accumulation stack yet.

i would have cashed out at 200k this cycle, been sad i missed the move to 500k, then would just wait till the next bear market.

Yes. Simple question deserves a simple answer. Yes.

Just bought my first £10 BTC 🙈 Just bought my first £10 BTC. Might be an embarrassing amount for some people but I was going to spend this on a good for nothing purchase so I thought now is my time instead of saying later like I usually do. I'm going to invest at least £200 a month from next month. 🤗

Welcome to the club!

Nice time to start. Keep doing it consistently and sooner or later you will get a very good result from that. Just remember to not panic sell if prices drop, that's how people lose money with Bitcoin. Also, don't rush to sell just because you double your money, it's a long game, dream big.

We all started at 0. Keep it up.

Grats you are early my friend. Soon you'll start to think in BTC. My wife wanted a new SUV and I told her if you spend 65k that is 65k I wont put into bitcoin.

Keep stacking :) congrats

This to start the journey

*chants* ONE OF US! ONE OF US!!!! ONE OF US!!!!!!!

Welcome to the new world 🌎 Keep DCA (dollar cost averaging) whatever you can afford each paycheck. Your future self will thank you Depending on how much research you do, you may find other projects that have potential (and there are plenty) Stay away from the meme frenzy.

Ahh I remember doing this for Silk Road

Way to take advantage of this sale

To many more

Soon you’ll be studying policy from the 1970s 💯💯💯

Congratulations!!

Use Kraken Pro, low fees, remember to post only.

Welcome, your best buy! Time to start stacking SATS.

Nice! It’s a perfect day to start stacking!

We all start somewhere and a embarrassing amount would be not buying any at all 💯Welcome aboard and best of luck to you ✌️

LESGO FUTURE BILLIONAIRE 🔥

This time next year is Lambo time.

It's never too late

I see you’re buying in GBP, so assume in Britain. If so, take a look at the Strike app. Fee free recurring buys after a week. Useful if you’re hoping to start stacking those sats!

The biggest move is getting off zero so we'll done

Hahaha welcome!!! It's not even a bit embarrassing, Keep investing in future my friend..!

Why not , most don’t can afford to buy one BTC to be honest,

$10/day for the next 5 years

Whooo! That’s exactly how I started and now I have $400 along with other major assets. Congratulations! 🎉

Welcome home friend.

Newbie question . Im new to the bitcoin world . I want to know where i can buy my first bitcoins . Which site ? Kraken ? I live in france right now but im portuguese.

You will be rich

Congrats 🎊

It’s going to drop after October buddy, JS

First step into wealth. Welcome bro

A giant Bitcoin was displayed over Hong Kong. 🇭🇰

That is pretty good job with the drones because there was a T1 typhoon warning today.

Probably related to Bitcoin Asia, conference which was held at Hong Kong over the last 2 days.

That's a massive show of strength for crypto adoption in Asia. Hong Kong is really establishing itself as a major financial hub for digital assets.

What the dog doin'?

I hope the HKMA considers implementing a strategic bitcoin reserve for all of China

That is fucking cool.

Fucking drone shit getting out of control

lol don’t they ban it every 6 months 🤭

This was probably an act of defiance.

Bitcoin will take over the world

F’in beautiful.

Thaats pretty cool!

Your Daily Bitcoin Breakdown newsletter is now live. Check out today’s Top Stories and a sneak peek at the latest Quick Bits snippets. Full issue link is in the comments.

Big dip + worst month ahead What do you guys expect in follow days with that very bad month tradicionaly in front of us

lol this is just normal Bitcoin volatility, stack sats....

It could bottom out really soon, what if the Friday job reports is Bullish

Everyone is so bearish for September, it’ll probably rip

I’m expecting this to be the calm before the storm. I bought $17k worth of BTC today. It was my last bit of cash. I hope September and the rest of the year goes nuts.

Lmao weak hands getting what they deserve is the way, this life isn’t for everyone

Were going to do the same as we do every night pinky... Nothing, keep stacking and stop paying attention to the noise.

My opinion short term: We will first retest 100k to liquidate the late longs before we go back to 117 to fill the cme gap and eventually retest 124k. And once Powell cuts rate we will break out the 124k (around 17 september). Till then we will be trading between the 100k-124k. Let's see what happens.

I survived the 2017 crash . .the 2020 crash . . .it's what it does . . it crashes and comes back up.

Just bought more thats what im supposed to do right?

Nu-nuh-nuh...

IM SO SCARED

Been here, done that! Labor Day weekend Bitcoin Sale! HODL 🚀

I heard that in a Jamaican accent.

Im not scared, im tired, exhausted even. Cant wait for bear market.

Bought more at 108!!!

Not scared, but frustrated. I was already looking for a nice car. I guess I’ll have to wait a little longer.

It’s not about being scared or not. It’s about making logical rational decisions over hope and emotional reasons

Been buying for 6 years with a 29k average. Dips don’t effect me anymore I’m dead inside

Uptober is coming soon... Green = 4 HR Chart of RSI below 35< Red = 24 Hr Chart of RSI below 35< Everytime the RSI has hit below 35< on the daily chart was an awesome time to buy and indicated a bullish reversal soon. Now the RSI is again below 35 on the daily chart and on the 4 HR chart is around 26. I am no expert but as a bitcoin investor myself I will be buying more during these times as I expect a push to upwards in Q4 hopefully also motivated by return of the overall bullish market sentiment and rate cuts.

100% agree. Standard disclaimer re: not having a crystal ball etc, but so far this cycle is very thematic in the sense that it looks and feels very much like the last two 4 year cycles. Typically a pullback in September followed by massive rally in Q4. Could be different this time, but my money is on it being the same (or at least similar). Furthermore, even if there isn't some crazy moon rally in Q4 we are now living in a world where even JPM is saying Bitcoin is undervalued. Can you believe that? Their price target of $126K is wrong, of course, but what a day when Chase bank is out there saying such things. This is the gravity of BTC, and it will continue to pull people, institutions, and governments into its central mass for the foreseeable future.

Fingers crossed 🤞

It gets less and less volatile when it goes under the 200 ema

If rate cuts + bullish macro sentiment line up with this RSI confluence, then your expectation of a Q4 push upward isn’t unrealistic. Historically, RSI sub-35 has preceded rallies then the key variable is whether macro headwinds (Fed moves, ETF flows, risk appetite) support it. One caution: RSI alone doesn’t guarantee reversal. Sometimes it stays oversold for extended periods

Bitcoin video tutorial Hello everyone! I want to make a practical guide for investors? Wanna help me growth this community?thanks and I look forward to your feedback

"Please tell me if there are any changes I can make... any advice is welcome."

We hear this to much

I like this argument from the goldbugs (and I realize it's different from your point OP): "B...b...but central banks are buying gold, not Bitcoin." It's like, yeah and do you want to own the asset that central banks already own, or the one they have yet to own?

this is make me laugh not gonna lie haha

Buttcoin mentality

This is basically Peter Schiffs entire argument. Its virtual therefore it cant have value, and if it cant have value it cant be money. His old ass cant comprehend humans attributing subjective value to digital items.

To be fair: real money (bill or coin) works without electricity.

Technically the BTC isn't yours... You have a key, you don't own it.

Gold fixes this

bitcoin is money. i save in bitcoin & i spend bitcoin.

Rent money? It'll probably be at least a decade before landlords start accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment.

Spending in BTC makes no sense in the USA

Why would anyone spend a currency that they expect to appreciation in value?

What doe your Portfolio look like? Do you hold majority of your asset in Bitcoin? Any other stocks or crypto?

Please reread the title of your post.

90% BTC, 5% gold, 5% cash (emergency fund).

Its bitcoin squared, with a sprinkle of mstr

2 percent of my portfolio is Gold (Spdr GLDM) & Bitcoin etf (ibit). The Rest of my holdings are in Voo, Vti, Vug. I Want to Add more Gold & Ibit. Mainly gold I want to increase, I want Ibit to be my smallest position (5 percent of total portfolio)

1/3 real estate 1/3 401k mutual funds 1/9 bitcoin 2/9 stocks, ETFs plus $50k cash in a HYSA (didnt want to recalculate the fractions)

I have been buying ibit every single day this past 3 months . Little by little. Pretty late in the game. Didn't start until last year. Currently has 2 accounts 1% and 3% under water. Wish I had started later

Currently just Bitcoin but once I reach 0.1 BTC, I then plan to diversify a bit: Plan is: 75% Bitcoin 20% ETF 5% Gold & Silver

Gonna have to change my buy policy! My bank account can’t handle the self-imposed rule to buy with every 1k dip. Uhh, thanks, but the powder is well-wetted at this time! Too much Christmas!!!

Take a second job. Or a third…lol

Change banks not buy policy, they should be letting you spend YOUR money when you want.

When you need dry powder I’ll be there at $69k

Keep your phrase, private key safe I would like to buy a cover, which protects my paper on which my sentence will be written. I want to protect it from floods, fires... For the theft we'll see later What is the best cover? Do you think the ones on Amazon are very good?

Stamp your seed into steel plates.

you can do it yourself for cheap. That was my plan for my current wallet but my wife bought me the Trezor keep metal for my birthday and I love it.

Get a set of [washers]( You can get a 3d printed jig too.

Crypto in Dubai Guys, I wanna invest some of my money in bitcoin, I’ve done this before I had a coinbase account then I moved my btc to Binance but I want an App where I can withdraw my btc in cash, people living in dubai please let me know what app is the best here for crypto? Thank you!

Best app here is OKX!

Who here has panicked and sold? don't lie Never seen a sub so happy when the stock drops.

I only panic and buy

When you get btc @16k and ride it to 4k and back its hard to get scared and sell.

You should see it as an opportunity to buy lower

Bought quite a bit today. It was a good day. I never panic sell, only buy.

i panic bought

I feel like when you first buy, you get tested immediately by a price drop. But I’m patient.

The vocal minority who panic buy dips will be the future elites.

Not once since 2017. I have never sold any. Only bought more

I’ve been panic buying all morning.

Only rookies who know nothing about market manipulation. This shit is all about whales liquidating over leveraged traders so they can buy more at lower prices. Wash, rinse, repeat. Ignore the bullshit and just hold on to your sats. #BTC 👍🪙😎

Only daily dca with bigger buys when I have money. I don’t ever plan on selling. My kids will thank me 1 day. Buy, borrow, die

lol well I bought a considerable amount yesterday and woke up to a bit of a shock but quickly dusted myself off and bought more. What’s helped me is to get excited for both red and green. Red cool a discount green cool it’s working lol.

Listen here, you paper-handed peasants. You think you know pain? You think you understand suffering? Let me tell you about REAL commitment. I bought Bitcoin at $47k and rode that bitch down to $15.5k. Each day I watched my digital dreams evaporate like my last shred of financial dignity. My portfolio looked like a ski slope designed by someone who really really hates skiers. Do you know what normal people do at this point? They learn. They reflect. They maybe seek therapy. But not me, oh no. I looked at that crater where my money used to be and I had an epiphany that can only be described as "weaponized stupidity." I BOUGHT MORE. I bought deeper, harder, and longer. Even my wife noticed a difference. That's right. I didn't run. I didn't cry (okay, I cried a little). I doubled down because if there's one thing I learned from watching movies, it's that heroes always buy the dip. Even if the dip keeps dipping. Even if the dip has opened a portal to financial hell. Terror, my friends, is just excitement without breath control. And I had achieved a zen-like state of financial nihilism where money was just numbers on a screen and those numbers measured in dollars just didn't matter anymore. And now at $108k, do you hear that sound? That's the sweet symphony of vindication mixed with the distant weeping of paper hands who sold at $20k because they "needed to cut their losses." I am no longer a man - I am a FINANCIAL DEITY walking among mortals. Every doubter, every naysayer, every person who said "you should diversify" - they can all bow down to the orange coin oracle who rode the lightning straight to Valhalla.

Stock? Ewwww don’t even compare that to bitcoin, friend. And yes I panicked and stacked more BTC.

I'll be honest, my man. I have. But I'm new and I'm learning. I'll hold like a mf starting now.

If you did then you probably don’t belong on crypto

Nope - bought very little with some extra cash and left my auto DCA in place. LETS GOOO

Wait, i am averaging down? Again?

Sold fiat 💸

No way…..I was buying since $16K……been DCAing ever since. This is a dream when it drops.

I panicked and sold my chairs to buy BTC

Stock ? I just hope I can I buy something that will retain some value for the long term when I get my FIAT deposit next week. My canukistan dollar is losing its value fast.

This is what crypto does late August into September. This is par for the course. Expect it to drop in September. Then one last leg up before bear market starts. Funny how everyone says this time will be different and then history repeats itself.

In the past I definitely have. Learned my lesson. It’s almost a rite of passage at this point, then you learn to buckle up and ride the waves.

50k needs to be re tested before we see 200k

I didn’t even notice it dropped tbh.

Wouldn't have even noticed if I hadn't set an alert for when it goes below $109K so I'd know when it's on sale. I haven't bought this low since June 22nd.

At this point, I think it’s panic and hold…

Bought more at 107. Looking to buy more if it goes below 100. If it goes higher, still a win

Panicked? No. Sold? Also no.

Been here since 2017 when I put in a huge chunk. This stuff doesn’t phase me anymore. I’ve gone through massive swings. In the end, time in the market beats timing the market.

sold? you mean buy more right?🤨

I never panic. I've never sold. I've only taken profits like a boss.

::raises hand then quickly puts it down:::

I’m waiting for it to go lower before selling.

What is there to panic over? The fact that the price has gone down? That’s not a reason to sell. That’s a reason to buy.

Been buying since 2017...never sold

Why? I’m still above my avg. entry price and my exit goal is time based not dollar equivalent based. These dips only make me buy more

I panic bought! Fomo on that dip!!! Woohoo I love BTC

I misread sold.

Sold at $118k, but that's part of my plan, so no panic.

Just bought some extra

Like anything else in life, unless thesis changes, don’t sell it never works. This is more true with Bitcoin than other assets. Because the fiat will never stop debasing. Ever.

Only time I panic sold was when I’d borrowed money against my BTC on blockfi and wanted to pay off the loan. Lesson learned.

I did way back in 2017 when it hit $14k and started to shed. But since 2020 I’ve just been slowly accumulating.

I buy and then panic just a little bit.

Diamond. Hands 🙌

Did the opposite lol

I took some profits on IREN stock 2 weeks ago only to see it nearly double since then. Now seeing what a bad choice that was thinking of DCA'ing back in 🥴

Aww it’s his first cycle

I was never into stocks. Or shitcoins. Just btc. So this dip is just like seeing a particularly beautiful sunset.

Increased DCA to its maximum capacity since last month

I panic dcda today

I started buying in 2021. Never sold a single sat. Mostly because it’s all sitting in cold storage and the idea of transferring it to an exchange, selling some and hoping that my bank doesn’t just instantly reject the transaction and close my account for suspicious activity just feels a bit too much for be right now. Might as well wait, I clearly don’t need fiat bad enough.

Yep, 2020 I think.

Panic is for people who started investing only yesterday, if you have been vested for long it’s not a bug drop.

I sold to buy toilet paper and food

As a $45k holder I ain’t panic sold shit

You can sell Bitcoin?

DCAs since 2019. Started at $50/week, currently only at $100/week but consistency adds up!

I am trying to find more money to use to buy the dip.

Looking for money to buy 😭😭😭😭

Ngl I was too drunk sleeping to hit the sell button

More Bitcoin regardless of price. As often as possible.

I have actually bought more

I last sold 20% of my holdings at $122k 2 weeks ago, will buy back in if it goes sub $100k but I’m sure a lot of others will to, and I can’t see it staying there for long.

Oh ya I’m knowing just had to throw in that I caught the Covid flash crash..1bitcoin = 1 bitcoin don’t hate

You since you wanted to read your insecurity lol jp dca

If people become emotional while investing then it’s not for them. People see bitcoin go to 120k and talk about “moon” but drops 8k and talk about “it’s over” It’s just buying opportunity. If you believe in something, you’ll always invest into it

I just followed my -2.5%, -5% rule like always.

Never. I sold one time to pay some debt.

I panicked and bought

I only panic sell at the bottom in a loss. Not there yet!

I only panic buy

fuck!! I panicked....accidently bought more

Wish I waited a few days before my usual DCA haha

You'll know when I sell. Thats the moment the price screams up.

Buying extra on top of dca

I havent but next time it hits 120k I'm out. I can't take volatility and this market anymore.

I'm new to bitcoin, but no. I'm just tryna figure out if I buy now, or wait a bit longer for it to drop more lol

The only people who are panicking, are people who don’t understand bitcoin. Educating yourself is the key to being calm, rational, even confident in your decision to hodl. Start Here: In all things, you have to start with understanding the problem, before the solution will even make sense, and so many in our society don't even know the problem exists. That's by design. The truth of money has been cleverly hidden in plain sight. Primer 1: The Creation of the Federal Reserve - [ Primer 2: Sound Money - I have created a list of videos to give you a strong foundation, you should power through these videos, but most importantly, clips 1 & 3. // -- Understanding the Problem -- \\ Clip 1 • Understanding Money: The difference between “Currency” & “Money”.. What is sound money, and why gold (and now bitcoin) fits this description (This series was originally made in 2010, before bitcoin was well known). Feel free to watch all 10 videos in the series in your spare time, but if you do anything, at least watch the 1st vid in the series. (This might be the most important video here) [ Clip 2 • Where printing money is headed: Inflation & hyper inflation - the end result of the use of Fiat currency [ // -- Understanding the Solution -- \\ Clip 3 • Understanding Bitcoin: What bitcoin is, the problem it fixes, and why its the solution [ Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. [ // -- Bonus Clips -- \\ Bitcoin can change the world, because the world can’t change Bitcoin [ Short Jack Mallers Interview: [

I sold around late 2021. I started DCAing again 🫠

I don’t sell I only buy

I am so hardened from over the years in BTC. Idgaf about the day to day price. 1BTC=1BTC. In my head 1m BTC is inevitable. Day to day is irrelevant

My buddy sold 0.5 btc at like $11k and said he’d buy back in when it got below 10. It never got back below 10.

I learned my lesson in 2016-2017.

Never sold only used some to purchase things online. If I see the option to pay with bitcoin I usually do it just to do it. I don’t ever really plan on selling…just using it to purchase as more things accept bitcoin. Who said it “when it comes time to sell…you won’t have to” or something like that.

This is the time to buy!

I panic sold my dollars

I had to sell $70 worth for a bill on Monday. Got paid Wednesday and bought it back plus an extra $30. I’m winning.

Panic? In August 2025? Man…I’ve delt with 9/11, Y2K, the 08’ crash, Trump, Covid, Trump again…fires, floods, climate change, and hurricanes…what are we panicking about exactly today?

I’ve been in BTC since 2019 and I’ve never sold a single sat.. ever.

If you don’t have 40% swing tolerance then BTC is not for you. Stop putting your fiat definitions of “crashing” into crypto. It’s the end of the month too foo.

Is it panicking to sell your bitcoin after getting 900% profits? This sub is silly.

Not panicked but sold in 2020 to buy a house (down payment). Hindsight is what it is but no regrets, it charged our lives. Been buying back in since finances stabilized

Panic about prices everyone dreamt of for years until a few months ago? Come on

The stock?

Panic? 100k sell is not panic

Finally a good song about Bitcoin - Bitty Bitty Boom (Hodlers Anthem) [

Bitcoin is since 14th August on a 13% DISCOUNT, so thank you for everybody who sold!! I'm buying rn as much as possible because btc is cheap again. So please all sell your btc that I can buy at that nice discounted price! Thanks a lot :)

You guys still have fiat?

If you told me 5 years ago we'd be calling bitcoin at 108k a discount in 2025, id call you crazy lol

SeptemberToRemember Sale

I bought at 118k lol. We will see how it goes long term. So far I look like a dumbass :)

Wait till November homie….. Bitcoin will be at $82k

I had too many trips this month can we all agree to not buy until my next paycheck?

Pace yourself OP, this is a marathon. I hope you catch the bottom perfectly, but it is highly unlikely.

No prob mate ill buy it back from you when you fold once we drop below 80000

>because btc is cheap again 👀

Boy i cant wait till we hear 700k is a discount for the one million new high

in sure this comment will eventually age like milk but calling six digit bitcoin “cheap” is still quite a stretch if/when we suddenly find ourselves in crypto winter which is coming up if history is accurate, there are gunna be a ton of bag holders here, OP included

🤬 Life is a FIAT!! 🤬 Was it the ETFs like BITO selling to cover their upcoming dividend(s)?

I sold. I lost too much already.

This joke is old guys, seriously need new material

Selling into red candles has never made sense to me. Don't dump coins to buy dips, borrow against your assets you already hold at low rates on Nexо and use that liquidity to add more.

EVERYONE GO GET YA SUM BITCOINS!!!

I bought in that’s why it’s dipping I’ll sell my lot if you all send me some money it will skyrocket

Waiting for Uptober. Top off in December before the crash in January.

I think it will fall 75 - 80k next year, so I wait

Ok .... Lol

It’s gonna keep going it’s about time it corrected before going higher

I hope it goes to 60 for a while for the same reason.

I’m not gonna buy… the September discount will be larger and that will be my moment (HOPIUM)

All there's thank you for selling posts are just utter bullshit.

Thank DT. The Tariff Man strikes again 😆

Just institutional profit taking. Get you bids in now

Partys over brother

It is not cheap lol

I’m hoping that low prices hold until I get paid in a week.

Still waiting till its at least 40k or under to buy in bulk, still including my dca which I have had running for at least a few months now, maybe a year.

You are welcome

DCA every week ;)

Absolutely, buy the dip!

Tell me you brought at ATH without telling me you brought at ATH

As soon as I reward myself with a trip for getting my finances back in order this year, including saving BTC… We get a huge dip 😭

Cheap again from 116k to 108k… lol 🤔🙃 to me it seems you want people to do the opposite of what you wrote, people aren’t stupid, the market decides what to do 🤷‍♂️

Please back here in one year

Don’t gloat…!! Wait for halving & 5 yrs…then gloat from ur ivory tower!!

What is FIAT??

Hoping it keeps falling

done ,sold. all in on $BITI

Thank you all. Been buying as much as I could afford. The discount has been helpful ☺️😁👌

I sold everything, just now. I think 120K was the top this cycle. FYI I bought in at around 23K in Feburay 2023 and have held it since, right at half a bitcoin. I also bought in, in my IRA with some fairly big money with the IBIT index fund. But it was too late in the cycle, I was up about 15% when I sold, but it is what it is. I think I might have been better off if I had left it in VOO, but 15% isn't so bad. I was fully expecting to see $200K this cycle, but this double top (and then steep drop) took all my nerve away. I still have all my alt coins, don't think we've seen that market top yet. Maybe I'm wrong about the Bitcoin, I'm definitely going to keep an eye on it. If it starts to go to an ATH again, I'll buy back in and attempt to ride it up. But I'm generally a hold-for-a-while kind of guy, so unless something drastic changes. Chancs are I'll wait until the fridged cryto winter to bottom out, and buy in again. Good luck to you all.

Stop acting like you guys aren't scared and you keep buying with your unlimited money... it going down is bad news. Plain and simple

Looks like it’s a rush to the exits now. Last one gets left holding the bag.

Yeah.. its not cheap til it hits the 80s, sorry for you loss.

I have $40k uninvested I can’t buy BTC directly in my investment account but I can buy an etf It’s getting tempting but it would set my over all portfolio to 80% BTC. 😐I own my keys on a hardware wallet for my actual bitcoin so please no “no keys” comments I get it, you don’t tax free investment accounts. It’s a terrible lack of diversification but it is tempting.

I’m using FBTC for that purpose

Ummmmm 40k in spot btc would be lovely boss.

I think you want Fidelity's BTC ETF or wait for XXI to get approved.

Print out a statement of your investments. Go to the bank. Tell them you want to borrow against it. Tell them you want a 0% APR offer. Do some homework and figure out your payment plan. Lump sum or DCA the approved amount into your current portfolio.

Diversification is overrated. Unless you’re nearing retirement and stability is critical, concentration into the best assets is a far superior strategy to build wealth. Almost every self made millionaire/billionaire got there by being all in on their best idea.

Personally would split that between a BTC ETF like FBTC… and a leveraged ETF like BITX, if you believe BTC will rise in the next few months (I do)

Roth 401k and roth ira best option is fbtc

Since I claim most people in here who have a hardware wallet likely don’t have proper backups and should rather invest in ETFs anyway, I say ETFs are better for the vast majority of people anyway. The only downside is, where I live I pay 25% capital gains tax on ETFs but spot crypto would be tax-free if held longer than a year…

Anyone ever have luck getting your money back? I closed a bank account about five years ago, then three days ago I accidentally/moronically started a transfer to it via the Coinbase mobile app. I imagine someone else has done this? Any luck getting your money? I’m using the phone app with no cancel options. Does the desktop version have more options? I hope.

You transfered Bitcoin into your bank account? What? Which phone app? None of this is making any sense.

The bank will reject the transfer and it will return to Coinbase in a week or two, likely with a slight fee.

Only BTC ages well

Where can I find that original without text?

My wife is pissed at every dip. Some say "if you cant handle losing..." Now I can handle it. My wife cant.

first off, forget crypto. IT'S BITCOIN ONLY SYBAU!

Opinion on seed management, multisig and passphrase I currently have a multisig setup with 3 seeds (no passphrase) that are kept in different locations with different relatives. I wanted to add a passphrase to it so that I add an additional layer of security, as well as a decoy passphrase. I'm thinking of different setups. As of now, my idea is: Multisig 3 seeds + passphrase: main funds for cold storage Single Seed + another passphrase: main funds that I could use if I wanted to. Decoy multisig (same 3 seeds) + decoy passphrase: decoy funds just in case of a coertion attack Decoy single seed (same seed) + another decoy passphrase: decoy funds What's good and what's bad about it? Also where should I keep the passphrases? Written on paper and kept only with me? Digital copies? What are good practices?

You need to redo all of your wallet descriptors (XPUBs/derivation paths) of you add a passphrase. Your biggest risk of losing all of your Bitcoin is that you mess up with what your multisig+passphrase scheme and your Bitcoin becomes in spendable.

God bless your soul

How do you setup multisign

I’ve seen users get tripped up by descriptor or passphrase mismatches. Threshold-encrypted QR backups sidestep that by offering simplicity—just regain enough slices and restore, no descriptor juggling.

2-of-3 multisig is already leagues ahead of singlesig+passphrase. I wouldn't bother with a passphrase in your case. Singlesig+passphrase is essentially the Temu version of 2-of-2 multisig. If the passphrase is easy to remember, it's easier to bruteforce, and if it's made harder to bruteforce (high entropy, hard to remember), you need to store it somewhere, just like you would a separate mnemonic. If you want to do the decoy thing, just fund the addresses that correspond to each single mnemonic. All three of them individually derive to a separate HD wallet. As for storage media, definitely go with metal. Stainless, titanium or even copper are great options. Punch, don't engrave. Can be a commercial solution, or stuff you get from the hardware store.

I’m 19, BTC Fascinates Me! I am incredibly new to the Bitcoin community, I have reading tons os posts on this subreddit about it, started reading the Bitcoin Standard, I’ve been watching Saylor interviews (Primarily knew of Saylor due to a Jordan Peterson interview), it was fascinating to me to conceptualize how someone could convert his net worth from fiat to btc (and it went outstandingly well!) I bought 100$ of btc 5 days ago, it fascinates me how this community repeatedly finishes every post sentence with a (Stack Sats) haha. My question here would be, for someone who is new to this currency (and new to the world for that matter) which I believe is the future, but not just because some investor/author convinced me, but because I don’t trust any institution to hold my hard earned time for me (time = money), would you advise investing on Bitcoin? I completely fathom that bringing this question to the table on a Bitcoin Subreddit is completely pointless, go ask for who should win the war on one of the countries involved on that war and see what happens. But, what I am attempting to do here is, if your 19 year old son were to ask you dad/mom what is the best argument against Bitcoin, which one would you say it is? Not that fiat is better (I genuinely believe fiat doesn’t have a long way to go from now), but an argument worth knowing to someone who definitely wants to learn! And just to finish this post as a true believer of Bitcoin: Stay Strong, Stack Sats!

I’m 21 been stacking since 19 started with $33 dca weekly and then slowly brought it up to $100 a week now I love it so confident in this in the long term vision

Jarvis, I’m low on karma

It's a great time to do some research, make a decision, and buy.

Are you 19 or 9?

While some of you're worried about the dip, people at JPMorgan are saying that Bitcoin is Undervalued

Brought to you by the same JP Morgan that said it was overvalued at 18k and they were thinking more 13k, this is after they originally said it was worthless garbage when it was 60k.

If you know what you own, there is no dip. There are people selling for less (to manipulate, out of panic, or due to necessity) what you wouldn't sell for double. "Do not try and bend the spoon. That's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth... There is no spoon. Then you'll see that it is not the spoon that bends, it is only yourself."

What Happened: Analysts led by Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou said this dynamic implies a fair value near $126,000, a target they expect could be reached by year-end, according to The Block. What a joke. 226k sounds fair to me :)

How much are they buying?

Same JP that banked Epstein.

OP. Believe what the do. Not what they say.

Some sheep are in comas

The most interesting number in that article was $5 trillion in private gold. I guess this means gold held by private investors and not as a reserve for fiat currencies. When compared to that, bitcoin is already a significant store of value - almost 1/3 of mainstream private hard money (BTC + Gold). Personally I don’t see this as a bullish signal. At $250K BTC will have matched gold as a private store of value. I’m obviously a believer but that’s a crazy amount of adoption, and it will need a ton of mass 401(k), pension fund, and corporate treasury adoption … which is happening but is it really happening that fast? OTOH, If it matches gold in 5 years, that’s still 16% CAGR. I’d take that.

People are worried for Bitcoin from a 10% "dip" ? They shouldn't be in Bitcoin then

Worried? I am here waiting for it to dip more for a nice top up (don't do this kids, I have enough BTC to not be unhappy if it never goes down again)

Aren’t these consistent? Like, aren’t things more likely to be undervalued if the price drops?

that's never good. They only do this when they need liquidity to sell into.

$486k imo.

That… is more cause for worry, frankly.

Maybe let's not encourage their efforts to manipulate the market for their short-term benefit.

Safest way to invest into Bitcoin? I'm curious what platforms or apps do people invest into their Bitcoin to where it's kept safely and to where it can be cashed out years in the future?

If it’s not in your wallet is not your bitcoin. I removed bitcoin from any app like river or strike when I get at $150 to $250 worth of stacking into a cold hardware wallet. I like river and strike. I used coinbase and kraken back back back back in the day. I like low fees so river and strike are my go to.

Any trusted exchange, stored on a hardware wallet, can be cashed out on the same exchange or p2p.

If you are only I to Bitcoin as an investment, and want something safe then look into buying into an ETF.

I use River. For me of all the apps I’ve used for BTC River is my favorite.

How much are you looking to invest? I'd say look into hardware wallets if you're going above 1k USD value. Otherwise you can use standalone wallets like Exodus. Now you can of course keep them on the exchange, but you're buying an asset focused on security and independence.

It's easier to buy a Bitcoin Etf & safe vs the underlying asset.

Are we seeing early “Sendtember” pull-backs? Pulled this from a query with Chat. “ What Analysts Are Saying • September as a typical pullback month Historically, September has been one of Bitcoin’s weakest months, often marking a local bottom before rebounding strongly in Q4—what traders call “Sendtember” giving way to “Uptober.” This pattern has held true in four out of the last five years, as a typical pullback month.” What are your sentiments? I am personally setting some limit buys all the way down and am looking forward to some on sale purchases. 😁

I prefer “Stacktember”

No, august is often shit too.

Septembear

"we always go down in September" if that is the groupthink then we have a big upside ripper coming.

Yea that’s what I was thinking too. Another reason why you can never time the market

Well, if everyone expects the price to go down then the opposite will happen. If everyone knows the opposite will happen, then the opposite of that will happen. But if everybody knows that the opposite of the opposite will happen, then the opposite of THAT will happen. Dang it I went and overthought it again...

My research indicates a 93-95k bottom for BTC. Which would make for a nice springboard for a new ATH by the end of the year.

Sept 16-17 will be the decision point.

I appreciate all the contributions on this post! Going to be buying my first hard wallet this week. Trezor or Passport? Passport came highly recommended.

Unchained Ira vs other options for Roth Bitcoin Wondering if anyone has used unchained Capital for self custody IRA for BTC. Want to put Roth IRA in self custody. I feel this is better than ibit if I continue to contribute for years . If I ever get to be a whole coiner (or more than 100k) , the fees will be lower than ibit with their 0.25 fee but not right now. 2 questions: 1. Why do other companies not allow self custody in IRAs? Is this kosher? 2.Is it better to let it ride in ibit and then transfer to unchained when the fees make sense or have self custody from the get go. Leaning towards unchained but open to opinions advice.

I used unchained to convert my 401k to a traditional IRA. I can’t really answer your questions but Unchained is definitely a solid company and the rollover process wasn’t too complicated. You’ll just need a couple hardware wallets to set up a multi-sig vault.

just bought over $1000 at $108k. wish me luck if it goes down even more I genuinely think I'm just gonna buy more

This man moved the market

You don't need luck,all you need is time.

No luck needed, just sit back and enjoy the ride up.

No need for luck, study Bitcoin. Stay humble and stack sats.

Don't be shocked if we see $90k before $130k.

It's a good test right now. Keep buying and you will be thankful in 20 years

No luck, just time and DCA

See you at $80-90K.

99x leverage!!!!! Driftinggggff

You'll be fine. Stack for 5 years and let's see where it goes. I bet bitcoin will go up once Trump leaves office.

I thought i was the only one who used cashapp to buy bitcoin

Good luck. You don't need it if you hodl but you seem to want it so......good luck

Bitcoin whale

This guy is selling at the bottom of the bear market

Omg $1000?! You’re wildin’!

Just need it to reach 20k and I'm all in

I mean, godd luck.. like, to what? U bought, millions if people bought, some for couple of bucks daily, weekly or monthly', some for thousands. Some to hold for ever, some to make some money and sell... Guys, try to live and act as if you were doing it for yourselves, without seeking anykind of feedback or support. Just do the thing whatever suits you when nobody is looking... Figure out what your strategy is, why you are doing what you are doing... and do it. I personally keep buying. Am also waiting for a dip, like to somewhere around 60-70k. Would be nice, to buy at least for 40k. Just to hold it until it doubles. Meantime keep on buying weekly. I dont think BTC is good for anything other than investment, I am not a fan nor an IT guy. Just trust the masses, that the same way as they are putting all into ETFs are also doing or will do the same with BTC. If it speeds up my wealth building and gives me enough funds to focus on something more conservative, i will be happy. So just ask yourself, what are you expectimg from this and what will your actions be, if or when something would not go according to the plan. For shorter or longer time...

Gotta just keep stacking sats and be patient.

This is a good time to practice patience and not letting emotional trades happen. Ive been buying since 20k, and a ton over 100k. Keep stacking.

We are here for the wild waves! Enjoy the ride!

Bitcoin is win - Number go up.... We have ALL THE MONIES!

No! We are going to 0! 😱

Smart move!

You will be happy you did it. Just BE PATIENT.

What’s that smell? Is that moon in sniffing? Smells like moon cheese. 🧀

See ya at the next all time high.

Seeing bitcoin posts piss me off and been in it since 2014.. is that normal? It’s like I missed buying more for some reason.

You won’t need luck if you hold for a few years

You remind me kf myself when i bought the dip at 64.000$ in 2021 :d

I don’t know shit about investing, but I watch a few stocks daily on Robinhood including bitcoin. I make around $700 a day at my job. How much of this would be wise to put into bitcoin a week?

Focus long term... Even if it goes even lower than now...

So you can rest assured that it will go down so that you can set up the recurring purchase. How do I know? I bought it. And when I buy something it typically collapses

same over here buy the dip is the plan

Nice one. You’ll be fine 👍

Please be willing to wait a while for it increase by a considerable amount. Try not to panic sell when it crashes 40%

Apparently I heard would be dropping to $92k soon that’s when I’m going to buy

Why so little

Congratulations, this is just the beginning. HODL!!!

But.. September is 2 days away..

Look at the monthly candlestick chart. This month must be red. After that. Who knows what going to happen in September. We all know what’s coming after that. GL.

May got to 75k

The only luck you need is the ability to hold 8 years (as in not have problems you need to solve with that money instead). It will be up in 4, but if you wait 8 then you don't need to worry about timing the top because you get 100% of the gains from the first cycle and some of the gains from the second cycle.

Sounds like a pump n dump

BTC is one of the only assets where “luck” isn’t required.

If you all know its going to crash and go back up wouldn't you sell at the top and re buy at the bottom.

So thats why we go down :(

Bitcoin is only worth what someone else is willing to pay for it...and the world can survive without it.

Add more if you can around 105

Wait until you found out that’s segwit and not bitcoin

Whoa we have a baller over here

Don't cry if it goes down.

Just hold for next 10 years and then cash out

Let me know next time your going to buy so I can sell first

Why do y’all keep posting your bags 💀😭

Lol 1k of btc is not gonna get you anywhere. You dont need to be wished luck. Your investment is inconsequential

You don't need l- jk man, good luck with your investment, I think it was a good move.

Big deal I buy over $1000 every week... I mean really, why would anyone keep their wealth in dollars?

I wish you luck so you don’t need to sell it.

Annnnnd it’s gone

Good buy. And like you said, if it goes down buy more.

I have been investing in the stock market for five or six years and I currently only own a few blue chip stocks.

This is actually difficult to do for an average person. Not just btc but even stocks. It’s hard to buy any asset on the way down. That’s why it’s a winning move.

You'll be ok, I think 🤔 😆

Buying under 200k, 500k, or 1mil is a matter of time, not luck. As long as the dollar continues to be dogshit, Bitcoin is the best side.

The problem here is you're measuring everything in USD What you did was buy 0.01 BTC. Congrats! Now you own an asset that no one can ever create more of. Meaning they cannot deflate the value of it by adding more supply. Unlike most other assets and currencies

Cheers! I'm late to the game, just bought my first amount of bitcoin over the past week at an average buy of 115,000. Going to hold on buying anymore and see if it drops under six figures again.

Good luck bro, I made a post the other day and for me we are on a correction phase probably back to 94k, not sure but if we go below 106k (max of the 3rd elliott wave) thats my target

Anyone ever in life who holds Bitcoin for more than 4 years makes money there’s no luck hold on don’t be a bitch and buy more as it goes down

Congrats! I mean good luck! I mean congrats!

whale alert!!!

You believe its going to 1m

Move your assets to Kraken if you are pondering long term

For anyone that buys sub $110k you get a personal fuck you. "Fuck you. Congratulations."

Buying more sounds good, man. Congrats, wish you luck.

Hedge those bets

Yea im a millionaire and have fans asking me for help all the time. Im based. A legend. @colebartiromo

u don’t need luck if u hold at least 4 years

Buy the dip

You don't need luck. Just be patient. Keep it up.

last few days have been a roller coaster for you, ha

Lets dump it

Good to start but you will definitely be able to buy it around 80/90k in 5/6 months… I don’t think BTC will ever go back below 70k in a healthy stage as it is right now but either way always buy every major dip. This won’t look good for now but it will in 10/15 years for sure I promise.

Is that cashapp? If so get that shit off that asap get a exodus and send it there cashapp sucks

Should have waited more it's gonna fall significantly more

Where did my comments go?

Or you could open a Fidelity Account -leave in the default money market setting which is SPAXX 7 Day Yields are between 3 and 5 % - Why don't you invest your money into something proven? Something that is backed with US Government Debt. Cryptocurrency investment jump and dump, without rhyme or reason, because the prices are controlled by hype instead of something like "economics" Cryptocurrency is fantastic but its not for people investing lunch money

Good Luck. Never sell. It will never be this inexpensive again.

Buying $40,000 in BTC I want to buy $40,000 in BTC. Which provider will have the lowest fee for such transaction? I have Coinbase and Strike. I have Strike configured to buy 25$ everyday, but Strike won't allow me to buy this much at once (the limit it allows me is 700$). Coinbase's fees are completely unclear to me. After buying the goal is to transfer this to a self-custody wallet.

Kraken Pro maker fees on $10k+ is 0.2%. No spread. You won't beat that. River charges a spread and a 1% buyer fee. Don't listen to the noise. You won't beat Kraken Pro using the maker order.

You could always dollar cost average 40,000 over the next month/two. $1000/$500 a day whatever works for you

Coinbase Advanced (which is what you should be using if you're buying that much) are outlined here: [ It's not that tricky. The more you transact per month, the lower the rate becomes. From the table above, $40K would put you into the "Advanced 1" tier (if you did it all in one month), which is .25/.40 % (maker fee vs taker fee). You have an option when you place your order whether it is maker or taker, if you're concerned about minimizing fees, just choose the maker option. In your case, the maker fee will be $100 for $40K, and $160 for the taker. EDIT: Just did a quick check - apparently CB (at least when giving you the preview) doesn't take the current order into account when calculating what tier you're in, so you wouldn't qualify for the Adv1 tier until you had previously transacted $10K worth. So to optimize your rates, you'd need to make a $1K order, a $9K order, then finally the remainder of your $30K, but this seems weird to me; it's been a while since I did big orders on CB. In any case, this is all peanuts compared to the size of your order. You can spend forever analyzing the rates on different platforms, and by the time you do, your target price may have moved away anyway.

I haven’t used Strike but I use Coinbase Advanced to make Bitcoin purchases the fees are much less. There are also tier levels with Advanced and the more trades you make the less fees you pay. With that amount of money I would DCA using Coinbase advanced; your fees will also be reduced even more as you enter each new tier based on your trade volume, and you will catch more dips in the market.

Shoot u/strikebtc a pm they will work with you, awesome support!

I like river, i do dca but moving to hourly cost average in a few months as i save more to get more sats

Kraken pro

Dca is better than aping just set buys within the last few weeks range

Bitbox for cold wallet. If you have apple, you need to get the Nova version.

I’m pretty certain in you message Jack mallers(ceo) at strike he will help you haha

Buy that 40k next year November maybe you’ll get a full bitcoin

You can apply to buy more bitcoin through Strike

Heyyyy buddy you should wait

Is binance.us not good anymore?

Sell IBIT put contracts until you got assigned on 7 contracts (buying 7 contracts worth of IBIT outright is more like 42k, but getting 2k back in premiums should be easy…). If you can’t figure out the fee structure of Coinbase chances are self-custody isn’t the right choice for you, and ETFs are probably the best choice here. If you really want self-custody: what are you doing about security, especially the backup part that ensures you won’t lose access to your Bitcoin…

Buy the max you can per day on strike and each day transfer it to self custody

You should also consider customer service when making such a large purchase. I would only spend that much at River. They will answer the phone if you call unlike almost every other exchange.

Have you done the 2nd level of security verification on strike? My limits went up way higher after I did.

Use Strike for sure for the lowest fees. The 700 limit will allow you to DCA, but you can increase it.

Coinbase Advanced fee is shown before you place order. Probably around $240.

Get stables and buy on chain.

Don’t overlook gold & silver in your portfolio!

Strike for DCA. Kraken, OKX for larger buys.

Directly buy on chain

Robinhood charges no fees as to my knowledge. Only network fees.

Coinbase one, no fees on $10k per month

I use Coinbase for everything and don’t mind the fee so much but really get agitated at the sale price delta to what they price it seems to be. I am more careful LW and frequently cancel the transaction when I see how much they are taking off the top.

Just curious, what’s your birth year and pets name?

kraken is the way to go

I have been using Binance for years, but it doesn't seem to be a popular platform on here.

Do you have a brokerage account? Just buy the IBIT ETF.

USE OKX AND BUY USDT AND CONVERT IT TO BTC WITH 0 FEES BUT THE MAX IS 90K i guess.

Gemini maker order is always .2% regardless of how much you buy

Go ahead and down vote me but why would you drop 40k AFTER the massive run up we’ve had this past year and half? Not saying we can’t go any higher, but I do believe the upside is limited, market is due for some cooldown. 60-80% retracements DO happen. Ask me how I know. Bout 60k high in 2021 and watched my 35k get milked. Sure I bought more, but I should have seen the signs and been patient. Personally I’m waiting for a confirmed bear year to start DCAing again as I’ve taken profits all year.

I'm currently in the lowest CB tier because I haven't traded much lately. A post only advanced trade for 40k all at once the fee was less than $100. What's the big deal? Buy 10k first the advance your tier then buy the other 30k.

You can use Swan Bitcoin

Buy now, double it in November, sell, wait for sub 60k end of 2K26 and buy again.

I have found CoinJar exchange to be really good. User interface bit annoying, but fees are 0.1%, good spread, and withdrawal fees are next to zero (network fees). Have also heard good things about day1x but never used them. Used to use kraken pro but CoinJar is better fee wise

Nice top blast on a monthly SFP what could go wrong?

Use Gemini active trader

2026 will probably be a bear year, so DCA is the best way to buy btc.

I tested a lot of platforms this week actually. River for DCA and Robinhood for big purchases.

Coinbase is the cheapest. Also the most secure.

The lowest fees you will get on bitfinex, but that platform is also geared towards professionals, therefore, it might take you awhile to find out how to set orders. However, the way you set orders there is way more convenient. For example, you can set a limit order that at the same time is a stop order, that is called an oco order, that is one cancels the other. For context a little explanation on what order type do. A Market order buys or sells (trades) Bitcoin at the current market value. A limit order gives you a better price than the market valuation, but there's no guarantee it will get (full)filled, that will only happen if the price reaches your desired level. A stop order will get you a price worse than current market valuation but will prevent the price from running away from you. The question for lowest fees, however, is largely irrelevant because of the higher volatility of Bitcoin. Right now at the time of writing this, it appears that Bitcoin is at a downtrend. If you can read the daily Bitcoin Chart then it would be wise to set a stop by order a couple of thousand US Dollars above the highs, then wait the couple of days a weeks for lower high to form, and then Set the stop buy order accordingly lower. Once you feel you hit a bottom, you can either set a limit order at your desired, and at the same time consider setting a stop by order, this is I said before achieved bei setting in oco order. The advantage of the strategy is that you can accumulate more Fiat to buy Bitcoin but not buy it until it reaches the level you want. At the same time, you're preventing the price from running away from you. The disadvantage is that the fiat Will remain on the platform until you have bought Bitcoin and send it to your cold wallet. This is why would be good idea to use a strongly regulated Exchange like coinbase or bitfenix but not binance.

does anyone know on plan b network -do - you only get 2 chances/attempts to do exam? does anyone know on plan b network Plan ₿ Network - Update Your Online Security - Final Exam then ended it - gave me 0% and gave me words back on screen - have 1 more attempt live. \*this is important - because I want to make sure I able get the certificate - right. only other option - would be to make a 2nd account to pass it?

I may be none the wiser about this, but what in the hell is a Plan B Network Exam?! I have never heard of this, and I would DYOR to make sure it isn’t a scam. Careful if clicking any links you don’t know. Either you are getting scammed or you are attempting to scam us. Beware.

Bitcoin NFC Card Payment in HongKong

I have yet to see an NFC Bitcoin card that I like. The companies pumping those *never* release the source code for the software running on the card's chip, which is a huge red flag. I might as well use my phone.

People spend their Bitcoin for retail transactions? What the hell..

Normies will watch this movie Directed by the guy who did the Bourne Identity, financed by the guy who financed The Social Network, and starring two Hollywood A-listers. This will probably get a lot of views. The financier quotes: "This is not just a movie about Bitcoin and its elusive and mysterious origins but really about what it stands for. We look at this film much the same way as we did with ‘Social Network’ and its examination of Facebook. This should equally be a look into the world of what Bitcoin really is." I wonder what he thinks "Bitcoin really is"...

Will it be in cinemas? If so then its good for bitcoin. All publicity is good publicity.

Sounds pretty promising honestly. Great team & cast. As long as it doesn’t make claim to being some big reveal/true story exposé type movie (which it sounds like it isn’t) I will say I’m cautiously optimistic. And even if it ends up being critical of Bitcoin, all publicity is good publicity in this particular realm, imo

Who Else Is Excited? I don't know about all of y'all but im more excited and amped up when I see the price go down. This is because well I got in the game in 2022 and I'm not a bag holder so these are my opportunities to become one.

A dip? On pay day? Hold my beer,.I'm going in balls deep.

I DONT HAVE ANY MONEY TO BUY !

It goes down, i dca. It goes up, i dca.

$50 biweekly every time I get paid. Buy and forget. Excitement will find me when I’m ready to retire.

BTC is always on sale.

When the price drops, DCA energy rises.

Today is my payday… horray

Me too. I don’t have much but I bought some. Average cost is 90k

I buy $50 worth every Friday regardless 🤷‍♂️

When Bitcoin is $10M a coin it won’t matter if you bought at $130k or $108k.

Annoying that gold is up though as btc drops. People still clutching their pearls

I just bought more. If it drops heavily (like 80k or less) I'll start leveraging debt to accumulate more.

I'm very excited. My Dad and I are going on our final fishing trip for the season this Labor Day weekend. When we get back, our bitcoin will still be there.

200k by end of the year

I'm very excited. Tomorrow a bank deposit ends and I will get all the money into BTC. I just hope we can get it until then with these prices or even a bit lower. I'm thinking about making 6 buys of $5,000 each, one per month, for a $30,000 total.

i got it at 110

I def opened my app and said WHOAH WTF then realized it's a BTC sale and DCA-ed per usual.

Loading up on Bitcoin and SCHG today

I'm just getting in, so yes, it motivates me to buy a bit more right now, since I own so little. But like others have said, if you think the value will go up long term, a regular, dollar-cost-averaging strategy tends to work better than trying to time the market. Even experts that think they can do it, fail most of the time. That applies to the stock market, also.

Can we get 70ks again 🫢

Is it even worth it to invest $5K in this? Newbie here ....

Just discount Bitcoin 😜

Black friday

I ran out of ammo from buying 110k-114k. There's more fiat incoming and outgoing.

Yay! Flash sale

Just bought during the dip!

Just bought 179.80 worth!

I hope it drops to 80k-90k

MY question is, why is MSTR barely down? There is a really weird decoupling going on lately...

Come onnnnnnnn $50k

Just bought some more! Lol

No emotion. Up. Down. Buy.

i feel sick am ruined

Pisses me off I buy every Thursday on pay day lol should have waited one more day I guess

Sorry, what’s happening?… I don’t see anything to be excited or not excited about

my payday is on the 31st, hope btc stays below 110 🙏

Me. I need it to go down to \~7k. It would be catastrophic, but, please? Yeah, I'm probably fucked on that one, but, you never know. I get straight up forlorn when the price goes up. If I could just get a repeat of 2020, where TLT goes parabolic up, and BTC goes parabolic down, I would be so happy.

Not me. My monthly dca was at 113

I’m going to set some buys at $100k, $102k, and $104k. Please sell for me buy ☺️

Paid off my car this month and now there is a bitcoin sale im pretty stoked

90k let's go

Price go up. I buy. Price go down. I buy. I buy until I can’t. Committed.

Yep getting ready to buy at 100k

Give me that dip baby!!

Moments like these are when my limit orders hitttt

I’ve bought more. Now I’m holding on to my extra nickels to see if it keeps dipping.

I sold the top so I'm buying here.

I want it down so bad. Give me one more prime opportunity I will buy it all

Me! I have some money tied up right now…but by the end of next year it’ll be free and ready to buy back at a good price

I cry tears of pain and joy while pushing the buy button.

\-30-50% is much more exciting than this.

LFG!! Just taking a break to go even high

SUMMER 2025 BREAKING NEWS: BITCOIN CRASHES TO LEVELS NOT SEEN SINCE SUMMER 2025

Got excited and bought more than my normal DCA today 😅

First time?

Happy Labor Day shopping :P

Buy the dip!

This isn’t even a real Hodler endurance test.

Mother fucker

My autobuy that executed at 112.3 last night is not excited. My buys in the 80s earlier this year are excited.

SELL!!!!!!

Big guys are rigging crypto

I’m actually excited! I bought too high and need to buy some more. So I’m not worried in the least. I’m holding long term so this is not a thing I’m concerned about.

Me, me, me, me...

Finally, I love it.

Normal volatility. Im expecting bitcoin to be anywhere between 90k to 120k today and tomorrow.

I’m hoping for 85-90k

It's highly desirable, actually beautiful...

Long 100932..long only until around 140k..then I short

I am super excited for under 100k.

Just waiting for the auto purchase layer today.

It will go down more .. they’re saying 65-70% crash soon

I sold a bit at 120k so yes I'm excited to buy back :)

The real question is how to distribute funds between BTC, MSTR or MSTY (if you’re into that)

If you're set on timing the market anyway (and not DCA), follow the technicals on these situations and don't buy blindly. 105-106k (good support previously), 92k (200 day moving average on the daily) are the big levels. Of course everyone knows this so it might get bought up before it ever hits these levels, so if you want the 105k dip, maybe buy at 107 or so. If it goes below 100k, I'd just start buying.

Did a big lumpsum at 106, will it go lower than that? Probably :/

I DCA'd out around $118k I'm happy.

I’m excited 😎

I want more. 12k please

My next buy wasn’t planned for another 2 week but might have to jump on this

Me, I exited today. /S

Buy the dip, sell the rip!

As long as we keep voting in people that refuse to cut spending, I’ll never sell.

I'm excited!! This means the other top crypto coins now might have a chance for the number 1 spot!! Ride the Volatility!

Nah, I rather it goes up.

Bought in another $1000 today on the dip

Just keep bringing down my average buy cost

Fully ported so not particularly excited here

More than excited

How low do you think it will go?

Let it drop it always bounces back

Can't always climb to the top without a bump in the road

One by one people change their minds on Bitcoin

That’s more like : Before buying Bitcoin vs After buying Bitcoin

Well Saylor is technically correct about it having the same fate as online gambling.

This actually scares the holy shit out of me “be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy”

The biggest question with this, is this actually GOOD for Bitcoin? Will the powers that be keep it alive or destroy it in anyway they can? Yes, institutional adoption has pumped the price, but could they not also do something irreversible that it kills it?

People? Those are not people But oligarchs (and they are opportunistic as hell)

My dad used to tell me governments will ban it since it uses too much energy. I semi retired 40 years before him. And to this day, I tell him, "But dad, it uses too much electricity, and it's not backed by anything the experts on the fake arse media keep saying so."

All of these people know that changing your mind is a newsworthy event if you are a celebrity. Too bad we'll never know when they started accumulating. My guess is that Peter Schiff will be next. And he's going to milk the popularity that will come to him once he "changes his mind" for all that it's worth.

Translation: "These folks found a way to make money out of BTC regardless of its price."

Whales are all over bitcoin now. Is it still worthy for the small guys?

slowly and then suddenly... inevitably, they always come around in the end! #OrangePilled

Love this comparison because I, too, had some really bad takes early on. But it's hard to be paying attention and not come around eventually.

Now add Warren Buffett to the list.

I think we have all been there at some point, a unshakeable confidence in the fiat we our raised with and lack of real understanding in what bitcoin is. I think anyone who has done sufficient research into how fiat works will come to the same conclusion.

You do realise what it means when this crew is pumping right???

To be fair, the two Jamie Dimon statements are not inconsistent.

Don’t forget “rat poison” Munger.

me 2009: "This seems neat" me 2025: "This seems neat"

I like to see Jamie Dimon changing his tune, even if it is half-hearted. His comments always had a flavor of... "the investors in it are baffoons." Even his reversal is half hearted I think...because he says basically "we will have to accommodate (the baffoons) because they invest with us..." Still it is funny to me to see him backtrack.

Bitcoin is so logical and clear that only stupid people don't change their minds...

former: textbook statements from the matrix latter: statements from the independent consciousness

What is Warren Buffett's opinion now?

All Boomers who didn't grow up in the computer generation for $1000 Alex?

They all filled there bags first right...

“If you can’t beat them, scam them”

as the saying goes... everyone gets bitcoin at the price that they deserve.

Don’t you guys fear when all this people think something is good? I mean, dont get me wrong, im all in bit, but this surely looks suspicious.

Am I stupid to think both are right, people with big money learned how to make even more money through crypto. Why say something is illegitimate even if true, when you can say it’s legitimate and then rug the people who buy your coin?

Cold storage I see lots of people posting to never have your seed phrase saved or connected online obviously. Maybe this is a dumb question, but when you plug your Trezor into your phone and use the traser app, doesn't that mean you're online?

Cold wallets have integrated secure element chips that are designed to be a fully isolated space that would never touch the online environment, no matter the way they're connected. Nevertheless using airgapped qr signing is considered more secure than any other method of connecting. But it's not impossible to inject malicious code into the device via qr, too, though.

Technically no, the Trezor only transfers Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction (PSBT) over USB, and that's verifiable by looking at Trezor's source code. But honestly, I don't even like the USB hardware wallets. Top of the line models (Coldcard Q, Jade, Seedsigner) have true airgap and use QR codes to send PSBTs. They have a small screen and a camera. The screen can display QRs to be scanned by a laptop or phone, and the camera can read QRs from the laptop/phone. This makes it extremely hard to perform an attack on the wallet as everything is bottlenecked by the QR code.

Your mnemonic seed words must never exist in digital form outside of your hardware wallet. Never type them into your phone, password manager, email, cloud, photo gallery, web browser. Your hardware wallet is fine, and necessary for signing transactions.

Yes, it is. Once connected to the network, it shall not be considered 'cold' anymore. Trezor is very good, secure and open-source wallet, they have good security procedures in place. But still, it is hot wallet. If you want cold wallet, you may take a look on coldcard, for example. If you need even higher level of security, google and read 'glacier protocol' - this is most secure way so far.

Thanks for selling guys 🙏

It's institutional selling. This is what the market will be like now. Happens every Friday before labor day. Don't want to be stuck in position for 3 day weekend. Will be up on Tuesday.

I just bought back in with it setting below 110.

Buy the dip, automatic return 👊💰

Here I am just buying it, thanks for the discounts!

Still have a limit buy waiting at 105 if anyone wants to drop down and grab it!

In 365 days look back at this post and tell me what $100,000 deposit into BTC did. I can almost 100% guarantee it'll do better than whatever your 401k is in right now. The QQQI will not even compare 365 days from right now. Does anybody want a bet on that?

Always nice knowing , not everyone has paper hands

Yep 100% now is the time to roll your 401K. If you got 100,000 in your 401 might as well turn it into 250,000

Probability of typing a wrong Bitcoin address

Very low Source: chatgpt

Very low if you let the keylogger do its job. 😅

🚀 Bitcoin at $1,000,000: Inevitable or just a dream? Every cycle, Bitcoin climbs an order of magnitude: • 2011 → $1 • 2013 → $1,000 • 2017 → $20,000 • 2021 → $69,000 • 2025? Models point to $200k–300k. At $1M, Bitcoin’s market cap would be ~$20T, roughly the size of gold. With supply shrinking every halving and institutional demand (ETFs, pensions, corporates) growing, $1M isn’t fantasy — it’s math. 💬 Do you see $1M Bitcoin as inevitable long-term, or just another bull dream?

Inevitable. However, it's going to take alot longer to get there than Bitcoiner's think. It's also going to take alot shorter time than non Bitcoiner's think.

inevitable, as long as fiat has no bottom, bitcoin has no top.

Inevitable but when you think about it in terms of market cap you realize it could take a while. $20 trillion is a lot of money — where is it all going to come from? Probably real estate, treasuries, maybe gold? However when you just think about the underlying principals it’s clearly inevitable. It’s the only truly scarce asset in the world. So yeah it can very easily dwarf the gold market (~ $23 trillion) in the near future

If you are asking this question seriously then you have no idea about BTC. It will be a billion one day. Probably not in our lifetimes.

Know that Gold ran for an 8 year bull run after gold ETF was approved It means we could see $750K to $1M bitcoin by 2030

Yes, probably sooner then we think.

My POV - it’s inevitable and will happen with next 5 years.

That 100k for some of us was a dream, $1,000,000 is inevitable

Correction, $10M

1 Sat = 1 ¢.

Inevitable

20k to 69k is not an order of magnitude

Unless retail investors embrace BTC and massively aid in its main street market penetration, it's going to take a LOOOOONG TIME.

We are closer to 10k than 1mil. Everything is possible buy adoption will have to slow down unless us gov buys as reserve.

2035 bro…..2035

Truth is , nobody knows that .

Maybe this cycle is going to disappoint and bore everyone. Enough that most retail capitulate and move on.

We think $1M Bitcoin is less about “if” and more about “when.” If you zoom out, every cycle Bitcoin has matured, from a niche experiment to a macro asset that institutions, ETFs, and even sovereigns are taking seriously. The math is simple: fixed supply (21M) + growing demand = upward pressure over the long term. That said, the path there isn’t a straight line. We’ll see volatility, big corrections, and periods where the skeptics shout louder than the signal. But gold’s \~$20T market cap shows there’s precedent for a scarce asset being valued at those levels. As Bitcoiners, we know the cycles can feel brutal in the moment, but the bigger picture hasn’t changed since 2009. Bitcoin is engineered for long-term appreciation, not short-term comfort. So, $1M? Inevitable in our view. The real question is how prepared people are to ride out the volatility until we get there.

Considering this bull run has only 2x’d from the last all time high and with ROI being what it is. It’ll take a long while but I think it’s possible

Inevitable in the long run, but I hope you took out the barbecue from the garage to grill some sausages while waiting!

I believe in it! I think bitcoin is the future and one day we will all have a little bit of it in our wallets

All of us want it to go beyond a million!!! And we will get through that! Look at the world as it is right now!!! 15 years ago nobody knew anything about this and look now!!! We are at the beginning of a great planetary transformation.

Yes, and I think much quicker/more suddenly than people expect. Recently (last 4 years) the macro conditions have not been great for BTC, and yet still it had healthy growth. But people extrapolate this slower growth indefinitely into the future. If/when investors lose trust in sovereign debt, and money printing begins, I think BTC can have explosive growth again.

not for another 10 - 12 years lol.

If the US buys large amounts of Bitcoin then US dollar inflation slows and Bitcoin price increase slows. You can’t predict future Bitcoin prices in dollars if Bitcoin is backing the dollar. So it’s not inevitable.

Dream on 🤑

Yes, but a loaf of bread will also cost around $20 by the time that happens. The point of holding BTC that long is to protect your wealth from inflation.

I think 200k this cycle and 800k in the next one. Then in 2033 we break 1 million. I think I’m being very conservative, but let’s see.

BTC won't hit anywhere near $200k in 2025. It'll hit $1M but not for 10+ years.

Inevitable, but not rapidly. I'm hoping we can use AI to optimize the protocol and make it easier for daily use. For now, the days of 10-20x cycles are over.

Maybe in 15 years if he can survive quantum computing...

People used to think 10k was a dream. Then they thought 100k was a dream. Now 1m is a dream. Same old same old.

I think it will, but around the year 2055, which with inflation will make it worth 400.000 or something

It's a market. You can create whatever rediculous narratives you want, but I would be a wee bit concerned about an asset that has had 15 years to be "the best thing ever in the history if humanity" and is a clunky mess that handles 7 TX per second, because centralized interests wanted to preserve a fee environment in service of layer 2 solutions thay nobody uses anyway.

A movie dedicated to bitcoin This quote from the director actually makes me think they might understand bitcoin. “I love David and Goliath stories. ‘Killing Satoshi’ follows unlikely antiheroes taking on the most powerful people on the planet in an epic battle that strikes at the core of what is money and who controls it,” Liman said. [Pete Davidson, Casey Affleck to Star in Doug Liman's 'Killing Satoshi']( Thery better accept bitcoin payments for the movie tickets.

And this quote has me hyped also: “This is not just a movie about Bitcoin and its elusive and mysterious origins but really about what it stands for. We look at this film much the same way as we did with ‘Social Network’ and its examination of Facebook. This should equally be a look into the world of what Bitcoin really is.” Do you think this moves the needle in terms of awareness and adoption for bitcoin?

₿ is the hardest money ever created! That’s why every sat counts!

In switzerland, private banks print money and not the central bank

If no one can print money, what are the miners doing?

Every Satoshi counts. 💪

Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #369 Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #369 is here: \- shares an update on differential fuzzing of Bitcoin and LN implementations \- links to a new paper about garbled locks for accountable computing contracts \- summarizes popular Q&A from Stack Exchange \- Optech Newsletter #369 Podcast [ Bruno Garcia posted to Delving Bitcoin to describe recent progress and accomplishments of bitcoinfuzz, a library and related data for fuzz testing Bitcoin-based software and libraries... [ Liam Eagen posted to the Bitcoin-Dev mailing list about a paper he’s written about a new mechanism for creating accountable computing contracts but based on garbled circuits... [ Selected Q&A from Bitcoin Stack Exchange: \- Is it possible to recover a private key from an aggregate public key under strong assumptions? \- Are all taproot addresses vulnerable to quantum computing? \- Why cant we set the chainstate obfuscation key? \- Is it possible to revoke a spending branch after a block height? \- Configure Bitcoin Core to use onion nodes in addition to IPv4 and IPv6 nodes? [ Bitcoin Optech will host an audio recap discussion of this newsletter on [Riverside.fm]( Tuesday at 16:30 UTC. Join us to discuss or ask questions! [

Some people still partying on the sinking ship… others already on the boat

A lot of us are in both lol

The party is soooo much fun though! Who doesn’t like a party with unlimited QE refreshments? The hangover tomorrow will suck though. But that’s future-me’s problem. I’d hate to be that guy.

Ship goes down, choices stay.

What boat? I'm flying inside a rocket to the moon!

Rising tide lifts all boats. BTC will be what saves the dollor.

An untold story of Hal Finney: the time he test sent 1,000 BTC with Eugen Leitl I want to share a story about Hal Finney that hasn’t been told before, to honour his legacy. We all know his “Running bitcoin” tweet, his prediction of future prices, his role in receiving Satoshi’s first TX. I stumbled on this while digging through old mailing lists as one does. Not the famous cryptography mailing list but the Cypherpunks mailing list. Buried there was a post from Hal dated Nov 15, 2010. “Back at the beginning Eugen and I were playing with it and I sent him 1000 coins as a test, and he sent them back.” He even remarked: “That would be worth $250 now.” Imagine Hal was already amazed at $250 vs the 0$ it would've been worth when they probably did this. The 1000 BTC transaction probably occurred Jan or Feb 2009 for the test. By Aug 2025, those same 1,000 BTC would be worth \~$110M. Crazy to think about right? I’d never heard of Eugen Leitl before this. Yet here he is one of the earliest, humblest adopters, quietly experimenting alongside Hal. What’s more, Hal closes the post by predicting forks, scammers, and government attention. He saw so much of today coming before anyone did. Source: [ I would encourage you to check out the cypherpunks mailing list and see some amazing takes and also misses for yourself I also tweeted about this for those on x [ I would appreciate some interactions.

Thank you. 👍

this is so awesome to see this kind of find! thank you for posting this!

!LNTIP 2121

Thank you for this post. New interesting Bitcoin posts are encouraged. We are all grateful for your contribution. Signed, fellow Bitcoiners

That’s wild. Sending a cool 100 million(speculatively) back and forth for fun. I love seeing these old posts.

$50m in bitcoin sitting in an old wallet and I cant find password. Soooo I found my old cold wallet with nearly 50m in bitcoin. I bought about $500 worth back in 2010 to try silkroad... never got around to figuring it out and just forgot about the cash back then because I was hustlin and had cash everywhere. Well im moving and just found this old cold wallet and its the one I had back then. Here's the really shit part... my ex from highschool or her family are the inly ones that could helo me get the passcode. I used theor dogs birthday and a couple other random things to make a super random but secure password. So I reached out tk her but shes saying she doesn't remember the dogs bday. I even told her I would send her and everyone jn her family a mil each if im right about this. Soon hopefully someone in her family can remember the dogs bday!! Its my fault for not remembering... too bad I was a heartbroken mess back then and used all sorts of drugs to numb that pain and now I cant remember it 🤣😅🫠.

Hmmm well the dogs birthdays are actually not that many possible numbers. Do you have any idea how old they were? Given you made the wallet in 2010 and the dogs were around 6 years old its only a possible number combination of around 10x365 for each dog. So if you have more hints i think jt would very much be possible to write a Script which tries all possible combination of numbers for those dates.

lol that sucks bro i wish you luck, i bet you they don’t even care to find out the birthday because they don’t even think what you’re saying is legit

Why you lying bro?

That’s crazy bro. Good luck on your journey. Lmk when to send you my address ;)

Maybe try a professional hypnotizer to remember?

Don't answer DMs work out the rough age of the dog for that time. This gives you the rough date range to be searching. Then brute force the password, knowing possible combinations and ranges will allow you to reduce the number of guesses needed. Then should be able to crack the password. If you genuinely have 50m then this would be worth spending money on AWS or graphics cards to try crack.

Thank u for your sacrifice

You need this guy! [

that's methed up!!!

Hi i sent you a dm, i work with brute force, i surely can help you easily, and no i m not a scammer like people like to call me, i m offering my services and both of us win, more honesty? Impossible, check your dm we talk from there, ty.

Veterinarian records maybe?

What kind of cold wallet? what hard or software are you talking about? Wallet.dat File? so you remember how long the password was? This could be solveable

For all the lurkers thinking if they should buy

How would you buy bitcoin 20 years ago? It was created in 2008/2009

posts like this are top signals, retail pretending to know shit, btc didnt exist 20 years ago 💀💀💀

If I went back 20 years ago, there would be no bitcoin to buy.

I would’ve bought stocks as BTC was not in existence 20 years ago

Hey guys I’m just wondering if now is a good time to buy bitcoin and if you think it will go down? I bought at 124k and just sold at 110 but I’m thinking about going back in I’m just not sure. I also bought drugs 10 years ago and need help getting into my old wallet that have 69 btc.

There was a time when selling it wasn't taxed so yeah till the end of that I would

Imagine if you could go back 50 years. Those boomers really had it best.

If I went back 20 years ago I would sell my over valued house, live in a van, invest in Amazon, take computer classes, learn about money, wait three more years for Bitcoin to get started and MINE THE SHIT out of it from a basic laptop while sitting at the beach. Ten years later I would build a mansion on the same beach and travel by helicopter instead of a van.

Is there any data on the 'Win Rate' of Bit Coin Miners? I'm joining a crypto intelligence company to assist operationally and I'm trying to learn as much as I can about the field. I haven't been able to find a satisfying answer to one of my questions - How diverse is the pool of miners? - Is there public information on how many nodes are active, and how often each node 'wins' or solves PoW. I'm curious to understand how many parties are involved in holding up a blockchain like Bitcoin.

why are you assisting a crypto company operationally but have to come to reddit with this question? seems like something someone running operations should know lol

I can find top miners by market cap but am curious as to how ‘dominant’ they are in terms of what percentage of blocks are solved by corporation minors vs ‘solo’ minors. Essentially how diverse the pool is.

What are these transactions? There are multiple blocks like this.

unconfirmed transactions, waiting to get confirmation

I had the same question. My node's mempool app doesn't show all those extra transactions in dark green. Only the light green ones. I have no idea what those are and wasn't able to find an answer. My node's unconfirmed transactions was always close to [mempool.space]( but not for a few weeks now. Their site now shows about 70k more transactions than mine does. I'd love for someone to explain what all those extra transactions are.

₿itcoin is the escape hatch

I hodl but i still feel stuck in the rat race... any advice or tips?

2 week vacations? here in germany we have min. 6 weeks vacations.

Escape? How will you be stacking sufficient BTC if you're on minimun wage 🤣 It's mostly right, you just can't fall into the consumer mindset.

HODL might just be the cheat code here.

UK have minimum of 22 days + 8 bank holidays. Where is 2 weeks?

These are the funniest fucking posts on this sub. It's not "the poor are being oppressed by the wealthy and should receive proper benefits like healthcare and ample vacation" it's "i'm going to be rich while everyone else's lives suck" utterly childish lol

Working in tech in France and Getting 40 vacation days, basically unlimited sick days. Remote work Downside is that my US coworkers get 3-5x salary for the same position.

Nothing wrong with having a 9-to-5 job also nothing wrong with pursuing a dream and not having that ordinary job. I work a 9 to 5 but I absolutely love what I do. I feel like I don’t work a day in my life.

I don't understand what it has to do with Bitcoin. Are you expecting to become multi-millionaire with it and to escape the rat race?

But somebody needs to do the work or we wont have all the cool stuff we can buy with Bitcoin

Run a node.

Next year I'll make it to 10 years at my company, and I'll start getting 4 weeks vacation.

Climb the ladder? Lol yeah three-step ladders

Lolz. Or just find a job you like, enjoy working and enjoy my 86 payed days vacation 😅 Btc is not gonna change the thing TS posted... When you are in that ratrace mode, you are doomed. Even with 1 or 2 btc 😆

DCA BTC EVERY DAY BABYYYYY

I'm still stuck at climb the ladder and I made 205k last year. In the previous US company I was in before acquisition, we got 5 weeks (25 days) vacation, so the 2 week thing is just for low-end jobs. In global companies, 4-5 weeks is pretty typical.

Christine Lagarde on Bitcoin: “If there is an escape, that escape will be used.”

I think it's not longer the case, at least in the short to mid term. Maybe for the early investors... Or for those of us who can wait another 5-10 years.

Find a job that lasts 45years ? Those were the days 🥲

Even if you win the rat race... you still a rat 🐀

What if you enjoy your job? With the equivalent of 4-5 weeks off a year?

It helped me escape in 2017. Havnt had to work a job since.

Only rat race is in your mind.

What do you mean, two weeks vacation? In what fucking third world country are you living

I'd hope people here have more than 2 weeks vacation, its not difficult to get a good job with half a brain.

How many have realistically exited the hamster wheel using Bitcoin and how many have lost money ?

It might have been an escape hatch 10 years ago, you won't be seeing 10x gains it will trade like every other commodity now with good years and bad years.

I never understand that statement if rat race... Rat race is not the way we do in our life but the way we live our life. Nothing wrong with the life in the picture as long as you keep owning assets while working. That way at one day you'll be able to retire. Even people who don't go to university or people who are entrepreneuers have similar lifestyle of that rat race.

Honestly add stacking sats to this too. It’s a rat race here too

We are still early but after mass adoption no one has to work anymore

Bitcoin is a tool. Switching to Bitcoin does not change the system.

USA isn’t the world. Just fyi

Looking forward to Bitcoin’s resurrection at the end of the month Don’t let, the lettuce hands scare you. Stack at at a discount while you can.

How you you resurrect if you are not dead?

end of August or September?

For a moment I thought you were singing that like a Marine Corps cadence I know: "Don't let, the green grass fool ya, Don't let, don't let it change your mind..."

What it feels like Can you relate?

yeah we're touching the 120 day SMA. Let's hope it bounces again!

“Can you relate”. When did this sub turn into lazy LinkedIn engagement bait

Its a rough ride

I’m so tired of it, I want off. Then a year break, then I wanna get back on again lol

If you can't relate, you dont own enough. Stack sats.

🙌!!! Try to enjoy the ride!

You feel nothing if you aren’t paying attention…but I get it. Rollercoaster rides exist for a reason.

Daily Bitcoin meme until BTC is at $200,000 #76

This needs printing on a Tee

I love this!

You’re gonna be here a while

It might be a while…

Great! Keep it up!

Strong one

This is just getting pathetic

I bought, a lot. Down to 10k now then 🥹 Woulda been a sniper entry for a short though

Buy high sell low!!!!

first time?

Zoom out bitch

Don't feel bad OP, I YOLO'ed 15k into a Roth IRA at 120k the day we took the 10% dive.

Best thing to do after buying is uninstalling apps

A lot of people are going to shit their pants seeing 81K.

This is part of the ride. Dedication is how you earn your gains. Keep stacking.

You didn't think BTC will magically turn you into a millionaire overnight if your investment timeline is only a couple months (or weeks), did you?

He bought? Dump eit

Relax bro youll be fine

Panic sell fast before it dips to 100k 🤪

When you buy while it's up, the price, it goes down. That's Bitcoin When you keep stacking sats, Hodled wallets get fat. That's Bitcoin!

lol, I bought a couple minutes before you 🥹

Don’t use up your capital all at once. Buy bit by bit. May be two or three times a month. This is why it is called bitcoin.

So its your fault then lol Ffs so annoying 😑

Oh noooo you lost all your money!!!! First time?

Thank you for your service

Don’t bitch about it… welcome to the club and learn to curb your emotions. Ups and certainly downs are all apart of the game. Use this as a great time to learn what investing involves emotionally.

time to sell, this is the way

Welcome home .. you belong here

Don’t sweat it. Revisit it in 4 years.i am.

Right, always buy around ATH levels)

Bitch zoom out

Don’t understand why people are buying now at the end of the bull run.

I hope it goes down to 90 k 😎👍

DCA the entrance!! on years

This is how it works. You buy and it goes down.

DCA long term

These guys no nothing about "paytience".

Bwahahaha! What happened Bitcultists? And I was just about to invest my piggy bank savings too! Who’s the loser now? Hahahaha!

Relax, mate. A -1.7% daily move in BTC is just a warm-up. Welcome to the rollercoaster you signed up for

Buy even more

It will go up, maybe after a few months,. Maybe in years but don't lose faith it will go up. Then u sell if u keep on getting worried lol

Average down

We are going down together brother I have way too much btc

I would suggest you to not use revolut to buy btc

Stay patient, it will recover

That's perfectly normal. It's so normal that it would be strange if it were any different.

Please, FFS do not sell.

Enjoy the ride!

Buy dat dip

You’re only down if you sale.

send them to dagestan 2-3 years and forget

Buy high sell low repeat

Buy some more so it gets cheaper for me my guy 👌

Don’t worry , it will go back up so you could by more .

Up one dat down the nexy

Remembered me first time I bought at $1000 back in 2017, all the fears and excitements

Ah the ole 1 day graph pov. Be still my heart

Will go much much lower in few months

Almost had a heart attack.

Just stick out.

Buy, buy, buy, sell, sell, sell, buy, buy, buy.

You'll be fine.

Sell it all, sell it all today! Or suck it up and buy harder the lower it goes and become an OG.

A temporary glitch in the fiat matrix

🤕🚑🏥💉🏠🤑😵💀👦🎁🎊🥳

Damn you got me excited I thought that was USD I was rushing to buy more 😂

The lower we go the more sats you can stack

You only lose if you sell

Just hold on uptober is in coming soon!

It's your fault, smh. Not sure if I should to you to buy more to fix it or if that will cause issues again

Once the peak is made, it’ll get ugly for a year and a half before it break ath again next cycle. Hodl is the only logical thing to do especially if you’re investing money you don’t immediately need.

Time to buy more

That's why you DCA...

Crazy good

buy more. Just keep buying.

How long do y'all think it would be dipping?

Could you notify me every time you purchase?

Do be like this

Yeah, it's a rollercoaster ride. Enjoy: WEEEEEEEEEEEE!

Sell everything now, it’s over.

Most of us are up incredible massive numbers And you will be too in the next bull run in 4 years

Panic sell to lock in the losses

Always happens lol

There's still chance on upside. We didn't close the CME above us yet and we'reentering a second weekend, this might be a shake off, a very big one. Just hope we go more down during the weekend, not during week days.

Long time preference

What's the point of this post? Did this come as a surprise to you that crypto can fall as well as rise? It's a long term investment, go outside and stop posting on Reddit because crypto (one of the most volatile assets in existence) is being volatile.

The first time I bought Bitcoin it instantly tanked. That was 11 years ago. All it takes it time.

You can SELL now and wait for it to rip at ATH and then rebuy! Rinse and repeat 🙃

You don’t lose money until you sell

Why did you even but then?

Hodl, uptober is coming

You still have the same about of bitcoin, tho. Set your goals in bitcoin/sats. Not $

Before you post, can you switch it to $ ????? Ffs you nearly gave me a heart attack 😂

Percentually it's not a big drop for bitcoin volatility.

I don’t get how you can trust to have btc on revolut of all the companies and apps you bought on revolut I must admit the balls are big with this one

Hold for the next 4 years, you'll be fine

God I hope so. I sold at a good profit and I’m waiting to jump back on in.

I think you did fine, my average buying for this month is the same as your entry point

see you in five years to brag about your profits

Which Exchange is that?

Welcome to crypto

Fear and greed index of today

I think that does not matter that much because its mostly about altcoins

Should I buy more bitcoin? I am a 21 year-old and currently have about $10,000 in bitcoin, as well as $2000 in Mstr. All of my investments and cash add up to right about $100,000. I’m considering doing 20% in bitcoin or even more as right now I’m closer to 10% Any suggestions or insight?

I’m 100% in on bitcoin, just sayin

My guy. You are asking a bitcoin sub if you should buy bitcoin 😆

Why buy shares of a company overexposed to an asset that you can easily buy yourself🤔

you're doing awesome mate. keep it up - you'll do well.

You are 21, enjoy life, spend some money. Do something crazy with your savings. Investments are cool and nice but when you hit 40 and suddenly you realize all your life is about chasing wealth. Don't miss out on your youth.

If you have done your research and understand/believe in the fundamentals of bitcoin vs. thinking it's a get rich quick scheme, then I think you could/ should invest more. You have time on your side and can weather any real down turns. Plus, you still have decades of earning potential outside of BTC should it go down to nothing - which I don't think is a real scenario given all the institutional money. Plus, peak earning potential is probably 10 years out for you - depending on your line of work. You very much have the potential to retire early and young with BTC, and if it fails, you would still be working those later years anyway. Tl:Dr. - it's definitely risky, but you have youth on your side and are in a position to take risks (assuming you don't have all the trappings of adulthood already - kids, mortgage, etc.) Good luck to you, not that you need it. You've got a great head start for your age!

I’m more jealous you have 100k at 21 😂

Its whatever the amount u can stomach

Any excess fiat currency is best saved in Bitcoin and stored on a hardware wallet. Bitcoin is currently the most reliable way to protect yourself from inflation, and hyperinflation. Everything else,gold, real estate, stocks,carries higher risk, only Bitcoin offers real protection. To truly understand why Bitcoin , you need to invest time in learning about Bitcoin, fiat currencies, and economics. This means reading books, listening to educational podcasts, and following knowledgeable people in the space. Best investment is your time in education.

Answer is always yes - if it's long term investment

my suggestion is stop posting the amount. If your conviction is to keep buying BTC, go for it. I don't know if the amount is real or not, but if you keep posting the amount, with real username, someone gonna track you. Be anon as always if you talk about money or what you have. Becareful brother.

Whatever you do buy, be prepared to watch it lose 50% of its value next year. Then, be prepared to ride out the market for a few more years until things recover. Bitcoin is a long play. Don’t expect to withdraw profits anytime soon. Think of it as your retirement, or a down payment for your first house in 20 years. DCA and HODL. Don’t invest everything at once (lump sum). Bitcoin will surely see a big correction next year, so save some capital until that happens. Remember: When you see blood in the streets and everyone is panicking saying “Bitcoin is dead”… That is precisely the best time to buy. Good luck.

You're underexposed.

All in bitcoin, specially at your age.

I would buy more after the crash. No w is more risky. All about patience

BTC certainly can be an appropriate investment within a properly diversified portfolio. It's speculative and should be no more than 10% of the portfolio. The remainder should be systematically allocated into a variety of more stable investments. I'd recommend using no-load index funds. This should preferably be done, at least initially. within a tax deferred vehicle such as an IRA or 401-K. Then put blinders on and you'll be wealthy!! Good luck!!

Buy btc and maybe get a share package that pays you on a weekly basis, the important thing is to create continuous income

Hold it, wait till Monday.

I’m 33 and just bought $11 worth of Bitcoin this morning maybe will buy another 25$ if my shitty baby mom pays the electric. But anyway yes keep buying bitcoin and as said above, and enjoy yourself

Wait for the 🐻 market and deploy your capital then

Diversify more––a ***LOT*** more. BTC is good, but having the rest in ***just*** MSTR is dangerous.

You have a lot of savings for a 21 year-old. You are to be congratulated. In my humble opinion, there is absolutely no reason to put all your money into any one investment. I think bitcoin should be part of a broader investment portfolio. Sure, you could end up winning greatly if you put it all into bitcoin, but nobody knows the future. Diversification is the only free lunch in town.

Just all in it's all we got if we all just run it up with everything we got we will be rich xd

Sell gold buy bitcoin?

Cardinal rule: Never more than 10% in any one asset… but I also break this rule.

Yes always be buying!!

Main thing is don’t keep too much cash as it will erode away. I started with about 10% BTC and it’s grown to 50% over the years.

I’m not telling u what to do but yeah i plan on buying more so 😭

Nah waste of money and people like to not hold

If you want to buy Bitcoin, it’s always better to do it gradually instead of putting everything in at once. Buy a little each month, that way you’re always covered against an unexpected drop

At 21 with $100K net worth, you're already ahead of the game. Keep stacking BTC long-term, 20% isn't crazy - especially with time on your side. I just keep stacking, park it on Nеxo to earn daily yield and borrow against it if I ever need cash so I never have to sell.

50% in BTC now, 50% next summer during the next potential bear market.

Aside from my 401,im 100% into Bitcoin. 99% self custody. I DCA and when it hits a certain level I send it to cold storage.

Best outcome - put 100% of all your life savings in 1 index fund. I’m sure you won’t do this. But please remember this recommendation when you turn 50.

All bitcoin for me.. bitcoin is like a gold, every year it just increases its value, imagine retiring after 10 or 15years..

I like To be 20-25% bitcoin at the very least

I just buy weekly

Never enough Bitcoin. Only will be 21 million ever. Buy buy buy

Do it as a progressive DCA with each fall adding more and better with self custody!

Yea just invest whatever you can, it’s no secret that inflation & the infinite rising of the cost of living really fucked most of us millenials and Gen Z over. Imo & call me crazy if you want, Bitcoin is the only escape.

At your age, it is a good investment. It is a store of wealth... also, it is a great place to park profits from other crypto assets.

Pretty sure btc is going to tank royally. I’d wait til it hits low numbers. Teens to 30k

be careful with daddy's money

Dog you are 21 and are sitting on 100 racks. You should be telling us how to invest.

Don't post your actual finances online, it's not smart.

Morons tell strangers on the internet how much crypto they have, but everyone’s allowed to be young and dumb once.

Is it possible to… Is it possible to Set up DCA in an exchange like kraken and have it automatically transfer the btc to cold storage?

dca on an exchange, then transfer to cold wallet every 2 weeks or 1 month ? to avoid fees also...

Use bitcoinwell or strike

First of all, I have no idea. But I think there's some pitfalls you might not have thought about. If they are sent to your hardware wallet after each purchase, you might end up with a lot of small UTXO's. You also don't want to reuse the same address, so the only way for the exchange to avoid that would be for you to give them your x-pub, which is really bad for privacy reasons. just some things to think about.

when lambo?

Bitcoin, not crapto.

For real! Where’s my Lamborghini!!! Guess I’ll just keep stacking!

See no fiat, hear no fiat, spam the channel with FUD!

🫴🏼 EL-Oh-EL

Bitcoin is tankingggg

Daily Discussion, August 29, 2025 Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow. Please check the [previous discussion thread]( for unanswered questions.

Ugh fine I’ll buy the damn dip

BTC should be ripping like gold and silver. The market must not understand it. I'm stacking 🙂

**Historical Bitcoin prices for today, August 29th:** 2025 - $108,384 2024 - $59,388 2023 - $27,727 2022 - $20,298 2021 - $48,830 2020 - $11,507 2019 - $9,510 2018 - $7,047 2017 - $4,579 2016 - $574 2015 - $230 2014 - $513 2013 - $129 2012 - $10.9 2011 - $9 2010 - $0.10 **Additional Stats:** Bitcoin's current market cap is $2.16 trillion. Bitcoin's current block height is 912270; with the average block time for the last 7 days being 9.51 minutes and the average block size for the last 7 days being 1.60MB. Bitcoin's mining difficulty is currently 129.70 trillion; with the next difficulty adjustment anticipated on 05-Sep-2025 (within 978 blocks). The mining difficulty is currently expected to increase 5.82% to 137.25 trillion. Bitcoin's current block reward is 3.125₿, which is worth $338,701 per block. Bitcoin's average daily miners' revenue for the last 7 days is $55.69M; with the average daily miners' profitability for the last 7 days being $0.0550 per terahash per sec. The next Bitcoin halving is anticipated to happen between 26-Mar-2028 to 20-Apr-2028 (within 137,730 blocks); the block reward will fall to 1.5625₿. There are currently 23,316 reachable Bitcoin nodes. Bitcoin's average daily hashrate for the last 7 days is 978 exahashes per second. Bitcoin's average daily trading volume for the last 7 days is $69.71 billion. Bitcoin's average daily number of transactions for the last 7 days is 495,187. Bitcoin's average transaction fee for the last 7 days is 2.93 sats/VB, with the average fee's USD amount being $0.70; with the median values being 0.84 sats/VB & $0.20 respectively. There are currently 19.91M ₿ in circulation, leaving 1.09M to be mined. There are currently 3.68M ₿ held by companies, governments, DeFi, and ETFs, representing 18.50% of circulating supply. There are currently 56,403,463 nonzero Bitcoin addresses that contain 169.09M UTXOs. Bitcoin's average daily price from 18-Jul-2010 to 29-Aug-2025 is $17,776. Bitcoin's average daily price for the year 2025 is $100,853. 1 US Dollar ($) currently equals: 923 satoshis; making 1 penny equal 9.23 sats. Bitcoin's minimum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $76,271.95 on 08-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (closing) price for the year 2025 was $123,344.06 on 13-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's minimum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $74,436.68 on 07-Apr-2025. Bitcoin's maximum (intraday) price for the year 2025 was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily decrease for the year 2025 was -$8,182.68 on 03-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's largest daily increase for the year 2025 was +$8,216.44 on 02-Mar-2025. Bitcoin's all-time high (intraday) was $124,457.12 on 14-Aug-2025. Bitcoin is down 12.91% from the ATH. Bitcoin has reached an all-time high 9 days in 2025. It has been 15 days since the last ATH.

When I search "B" into Reddit's searchbar, the order of subs displayed is r/Bitcoin Followed by r/Blowjobs A clear correlation indeed.

I wasn't here when bitcoin went from $12 to $10, but I wonder if a lot of people got shaken out

It's funny how this drop (or worse) seems to happen every single September. I don't get what's so special about September it has to poison the markets pretty much every single time, but it always seems to happen. Is it just like everyone is always poor after buying school supplies for their kids going back to school or something?

There must be so much short leverage to wipe out on the way up to 120k at this point.

Here we go! 107! 52 week range is: 52,598.70 - 124,457.12

Is a good day to stack sats

Fear not, my 5$ buy got this.

Over here watching bitcoin dip like Quint in Jaws. "He can't go down with three barrels on him; not with three barrels on him he can't!"

Last time daily RSI was this low was back in April and BTC price was down in the 70k range, ultimately consolidated there for a few weeks and had a 4 week run up of 50% to just under 112k. A similar consolidation and run up from the current price range would put us at in the 144-155k range mid to late October. IMO daily RSI below 40 are great times to accumulate.

BTC to $1m!

Alright, you’ve left me no choice. I can’t just sit here on a -4% day and **NOT** buy more.

Say welcome to my new 1 million satoshis

One of the toughest things to get used to, financially, is having the conviction to buy on the way down. It's never the best feeling, but I snagged another 0.04 btc around the 108k mark that future-me will hopefully thank past-me for again lol. I've got a couple other lower limit-buys set up in case this weekend gets wonky, but time to try to enjoy the start of Labor Day weekend.

It’s a great day to stack Sats

Queue incoming shitcoiners blaming bitcoin for their bags ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ

Bought 1,000,000 sats this morning. Tempted to buy another 1,000,000 on this dip 😃

good time to stack, love me a good btc sale

Remember guys: "Bitcoin always crashes!"

r/cc is *melting down* in real time. If you've been here a while, you're chill. If you're new and already in the red, just chill. We're running a marathon not a fucking sprint.

I keep buying at the dip then it dips more 🤣 how patient should I be?

Bye bye retail after this drop. Say hello to our institutional overlords.

This bitcoin price action is shit, but I guess it reflects the FUD regarding interest rates and money printing. The US Fed is in a very tough spot. Option 1: if they drop interest rates and start the money printer, employment might rebound, but inflation will go thru the roof. Option 2: If they keep interest rates high and refuse to print more money, inflation can be contained, but at the cost of mounting unemployment and possibly a bad recession. As an asset holder (Bitcoin, stocks, real estate) and a worker, I would choose option 1. But I can understand why the majority of people who don’t own hard assets would choose option 2. Tough times ahead either way …

If you can't handle a 15% dip in a bull market, you don't understand Bitcoin

what an underwhelming “bull market”

another day of seesaw city

Yet i smile

From the weak to strong hands. Bitcoin Treasury companies aren't selling. Institutional isn't selling. Pensions aren't selling. US isn't selling. Harvard isn't selling

Bit of a newbie here, you guys think right now is the best time to buy or wait until mid-September or so?

And here I was a couple days ago thinking we’d found some stability and now it’s even worse that before 🤦‍♂️

I'm so sick of this "bull market".

This is just insane

We just hit fear and the average purchase price since the liberation lows is around 106k-107k. I’ll be entering into a larger position here.

Buying Time!!! Lets go Bitcoin Family

Im tired boss 😫

Crash crash. Prices are down

Short term, it's concerning to watch BTC struggle/fail to keep positive momentum with the stock markets, but also drop after every drawback that the stock markets have. It feels a bit like how BTC tends to treat altcoins in times of volatility, siphoning off liquidity from alts to stabilize BTC's price. Right now it feels like Bitcoin's getting the same treatment with regards to its liquidity propping up the stock market prior to the September FOMC. I got a nice buy-order in this morning, but I'm keeping more cash on the sidelines in case BTC wants to keep thrashing throughout the weekend or next week prior to Nonfarm Payroll data being released on Sept 5th.

89k is back on the menu, wheres that cheese guy

Bitcoin goes down during US time yesterday. Some tard: "Hurr asia pumps and murica dumps durr" Bitcoin goes down during Asia time tonight: *crickets* Bitcoin doesn't care. Sell if you're that worried

So my Bitcoin exposure is basically just through IBIT. So at least I'm able to sell covered calls a bit. But I'm curious if anyone knows what's driving this downward movement? I assume this is normal movement for something so volatile but unsure if it's something more. So I'm not selling.

Looks like the traders are back from vacation and need to bitch slap retail for a nice entry.

where did everyone go?

We're due for a correction and September is notorious for that. We can possibly get one more leg up this year, but so far, this has been a relatively muted bull market for this cycle

What’s left of retail will capitulate here.

Down 11% in 2 weeks. Sadly nothing else is going up, so I'm just losing money everywhere and that means I have no money to buy the dip.

Please keep dropping, want to load up 🙏

Can anyone tell us where the Bull Market Support Band is at today? Did we reach it yet? I don’t subscribe to ITCV or any of the paywall sites. Thanks.

you guis, I'm so scared. Is this cycle over? Pull out now and come back in a couple of years?

Scrumptious

For fucks sake why we dipping now?

BITCOIN 70,000

I see dead cats bouncing 🐈‍⬛

Do you think we hold the BMSB or go retest the 50wma?

I will buy one more DIP😅📈🙏

Looks like Randy needs to cut back on the cheeseburgers.

Randy Bo Bandy?

I bet he doesn't own a chair

I don't consider 10-20% dips

He has no underwear. his underwear is painted.

I’m waiting for 100k

hahahaha exactly what I said. just a small 5k amount. I will watch if the new candle that just opened is red wait a day or 2 maybe

How to retire on 1 BTC What would you do if you had 1btc and it’s worth $1 million. Everything else in the world is the same. How would you spend or get interest on it to retire? The obvious way would just sell it all but then you have capital gains etc. Just wondering if people have thought about this, who have the idea of having 1 btc for retirement.

Sell x%/year where x is less than average yearly gains.

If 1 BTC = $1,000,000 and you want to retire on it, selling outright is the obvious option, but then you’ve got capital gains tax and you lose the exposure to BTC itself. Another route is to borrow against your BTC. Basically, you lock up the coin as collateral with a lender (there are crypto platforms and even some traditional finance companies offering this). In return, you can take out a loan in stablecoins or fiat, usually up to 30–50% of the BTC’s value. Pros: You get liquidity without triggering a taxable event. If BTC appreciates, your collateral is worth more. You can structure the loan to provide regular income (withdraw some, invest in safe yield, etc.). Cons: Risk of liquidation: if BTC price drops too much, the lender can sell your BTC to cover the loan. Interest rates vary a lot depending on platform and risk. Custody risk: you don’t control the private keys once it’s locked with the lender. Some people ladder it: keep a portion in cold storage, borrow a conservative % against the rest, then live off the loan proceeds or invest them in safer, income-generating assets. It’s not risk-free, but it’s a way to turn “1 BTC = retirement” into cash flow without nuking your tax situation right away.

Live on fiat assets as long as possible. I have BTC, but haven't given up on the original plan.

Capital gains are significantly less than income taxes depending on how much you take per year. To answer your question, I would retire, sell/spend bitcoin as needed, and live my life. This will actually happen before bitcoin is at $1M.

I’d sell $2500 a month and see if after four years I have more or less than a million. If I have more than a million worth of BTC after four years I might start withdrawing $3500 a month.

If you keep for 10 to 13 years when it's over 1m, and it continues to go up 20% each year after, it will be hard to spend down 1 bitcoin over 20 to 30 years. With my current living expenses going up but bitcoin going up more, i would only spend about .4 bitcoin over those 20 years. Crazy.

Retire anytime. As soon as you see the btc is about to finish and you have nothing left to eat, drink poison. That's how u can enjoy rest of your life.

If BTC is 1M, nothing is the same.

Why do people always assume the options are to sell it all or keep it all? Sell 90%, put that in 60/40 stock/bond index (like AOR), and enjoy life. Never sell the 10%. Do NOT borrow against Bitcoin, that just introduces unnecessary risk. This is assuming you have enough in Bitcoin to retire. Whether 1 million is enough is a separate question. It’s enough for some, not for others.

Sell 4-5% a year (likely far too conservative) and live life on your terms.

No, nobody has EVER thought about this.

‘Interest’ is a concept associated with inflationary fiat. And you cannot retire on ‘$1 million’, with the purchasing power of today’s dollar. At least not if you expect to live a reasonable number of years. To retire on bitcoin, with no other forms of income, you would need a significant stack (I would estimate ~10BTC @ ‘$1M today’s purchasing power’) and slowly spend that capital over the course of the rest of your life. Bitcoin would make you think twice about consumerist spending.

If bitcoin is $1 million, its value will still continue to go up. If it only went up 10% per year, you could pay yourself $100k a year and just live a chilled life. Travel, work out, play sports.

Never. Sell. Your. Bitcoin. It’s always the worst option to get your gains. The best option is to borrow against your btc which is also a tax free way to get money from it. As it continues to go up in value, it becomes a self healing loan (loan to value goes down dramatically). Watch this clip for reference about how this concept works : Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. [

Sell it as I need it I guess. Or pay off my mortgage as that's the only reason I am not retired already.

Borrow against it to fund lucrative business opportunities.

If it’s a steady climb to 1M, I’ll withdraw it slowly to cover daily needs. Also sell a portion for something new, use the way I found btc to find the new market that is in rapid growth and invest.

So many of these questions lately. I think I know what the next big collapse will be based around 😂 I don’t think 1M is even enough to retire and by the time btc reaches 1M it definitely won’t be enough

Loan. Avoids taxes and if you do a smaller amount chance of liquidation is slim. So for example .12 BTC value at a time. 120k to live off for a year or two. In that time BTC appreciates to 1.2 million and the next .12 is 144k. Rinse repeat. Eventually you’ll be able to loan out less BTC or raise your quality of life substantially.

From what I've seen when my parents retired, who of course did not have BTC but a business and tons of investments. Sold it all but investment property that's used for passive income. No more stressing about cycles, ups and downs, liquid cash that's in easy to access and low risk inflation hedges

If it gets to a million there’s a good chance you’ll be able to spend it too

I would just leave it there and continue with my work-life s\*it. I have learned a thing about myself... Here it is; "I dont really care if I am rich or not, if I drive fancy car or not... I just always want to have an option to say F\*CK OFF". ...and 1m in Bitcoin would give me that option (at least in my country).

You can’t retire with 1 BTC. By the time 1 BTC = 1M, one million won’t be enough for retirement (unless you’re already 65-70 years old).

How to retire with BTC: Buy BTC for 1000$ in 2012.

By the time BTC is 1 mill, the real retirement amount to sustain the rest of your life will be about 8-10 million… js

Unless you’re old. I don’t know how you’d manage to retire on just 1 million. You could if you are extremely frugal.

When I first knew about Bitcoin. Bitcoin was worth $40. I had no idea I could convert that $40 into today's $100,000 and the futures $1 million.

Wait until it is 5m

Sell 10% of your stack(in btc terms ie: one has 1btc now and sells 0.1) every 4 years. If it keeps going up exponentially (like the dollar is going down) at least you maintained your purchasing power over the years.

You use it to buy things via btc directly, thats the point of it. The dollar and associated “taxes” become benign.

If BTC hit $1M, I’d sell gradually instead of all at once to spread out capital gains. Park part in index funds and keep some in cash flow assets like REITs for retirement income.

You can't retire on $1M unless you have your house paid off, are in a low tax area, and are getting social security to supplement. That's about $30,000 a year after taxes.

Unfortunately, if BTC is 1m then everything else in the world has also risen in price. It's naive to assume all that appreciation was due to people converting other assets to BTC and not monetary inflation. Retiring young on 1 BTC is unlikely unless you're very frugal or continue to earn some kind of income.

That’s more of a question for r/bitcoinFIRE but the short answer is that you should do whatever is best for your situation including risk tolerance, time horizon, goals, conviction levels, lifestyle, and tax situation. What’s the right answer for one person might not necessarily be the correct answer for someone else. Personal finance is inherently personal

You can't retire off $1 million dollars. This isn't the 70's.

I would not listen to people saying take loans against BTC, unless (at least) you have another source of substantial income. You’re better off just taking out a personal loan than taking out debt on btc. Rich people don’t always take loans against their assets as it depends what the asset is. It can make sense on assets like real estate(assuming you have multiple to many properties and you’re staggering the debt, or in situations where you have other sources of income). Edit - your best option would be to sell a percentage of btc every year(5% for example), or every 4 years sell a percentage if the cycle continues to repeat. Assuming your 1m btc continues to appreciate in value then theoretically you would be in an okay spot. It’s not a risk I would take, but it’s a better option than taking out a loan imo.

By the time btc hits 1M there will be plenty of safe options to borrow against it.

You can always sell to me and avoid capital gains bro just saying

U sell smaller pieces of btc and live by it or borrow against it

I'd stack sats while they're still cheap.

Theoretically, if you sold that coin at the first of the year, generating a 20% capital gains tax on gains, you might have enough time to get the money invested in the markets and recoop that 20% that year. The whole year would be a wash in terms of growth but it would allow you to put the capital into an income producing fund for retirement, better setting you up to pay bills if that’s what you need

1m won’t retire most people unless they’re already 80+ years old. But for the sake of the question. Slowly sell the BTC off as you need to spend money and it’ll slowly gain equity as time goes on, HOWEVER, BTC is highly volatile and risky to do this retirement strategy with. Personally, I’d take the long term capital gains tax on it and put it into the sp500 or another “stable” investment comparatively

The question is how much will that 1 BTC buy you when you are retiring in the future? That is if a loaf of bread is $12 bucks, etc.

Lets get there first

While 1 milly is a lot of money in today's environment its not that much.

You sell, buy apartments and live off the rent

I can’t retire on $1MM.

No of bitcoins you need to retire = ( Your yearly expenses x 20) / 200wma bitcoin rate. So as an example : $50,000 (yearly expenses) x 20 ----- $1,000,000 //// $1,000,000 / $52000 (200 WMA) = 19.23 btc.

You don’t sell it all , you live of a % of it you need to cover your life’s needs and allow the rest to continue to grow and cover subsequent tax obligations

A married couple can spend almost 130k a year on long term capital gains with no federal taxes. WIth 1M you shouldn't be spending that much anyway. Move to a 0 or low income tax state and live your life.

You scared me, I had to open my wallet. Luckily all my 9 BTC are still there, I thought I only had one BTC left, Lili😂😂😂😂

It’s called collateral.. what is wrong with some of you. BTC is probably the biggest people to bank asset and Yal just sell it like some stock S&P shit stock . .

Convert half to usdc and only get taxed on what you pull to your bank, leave the rest in and let it earn 5% per year, keep your other half BTC in cold storage

If BTC = $1m, you will be able to pay with Bitcoin for any goods. You can use bybit card for example, can deposit every month some BTC and pay like regular debit card, bybit automatically swap BTC on fiat (I'm not an expert, but it seems to work that way)

By the time 1BTC = $1M paper money, the $1M would not have the same purchasing power as it does today. Broken money is probably not the best point of reference.

$1M today is barely enough to retire today if you were 65.

Provide liquidity to the lighting network and get 4-6% APY. There are already services doing this. That's 40-60k a year. Don't sell your Bitcoin use it to produce income. If Bitcoin reaches 1 million there will be services like banks that will give you interest on your Bitcoin as well. At some point it will become more stable with no large price swings down or up.

2 options really. Option one: Retire in 40 years. It should be plenty then. Option two: Retire soon, and die within 2 years.

Selling your BTC at any point is wasting the opportunity. I'd never cash out - I’d use it the same way wealthy people treat real estate or equities: as collateral. Park it on Nеxo, borrow against it at low rates, get liquidity for living expenses, and still keep exposure to the upside. Plus you can earn daily yield on what you're not borrowing against, which helps cover costs without touching the principal. That way the coin keeps working for you instead of disappearing into taxes after one sale.

It will keep growing even after a million. Pull out you monthly. Let the rest keep growing. It should outpace your withdrawl assuming you are keeping the percent low.

Going to retire early? You better move that benchmark closer to 3million to account for cap gains, inflation, health care for yourself. Maybe it's just being an American but 1m is not retirement at 40 or younger IMO. A lot of things can happen. Everything is situation dependent. I'd rather have well diversified investments AND BTC

I'd just, retire

Listen. Lending market needs to get more mature. Rates are to high. Best is sell of 3-5% if you can live of it

brother if btc is 1 mil u wanna sell that crap befoe the world realizes that theis shit isnt even worth close to that amount. this is a shitcoun created by some assholes who thought reducing the bitcoin generationm every 4 years would be good. every 4 yarsa it requires graphics cards 2x the amount of energy to generate those bitcoints. it requiires more and more energy to do a single transactiuon. soon only transaction 10kl+ are even gonna be worth it in the slightest. the whole system is dumb af and people investing in it seem retarded to me.. and its quite a farce that bitcoin even got that high. just cuz the entire population is retarded

You couldn’t retire on 1 million. So many other factors come into play. If you’re going to speculate on this nonsense. You would need 3 or 4. Plus who would want to be locked into an “investment” which has such wild swings?

"Everything else in the world is the same." Bruh

I dont own bitcoin and not planning on it, but many of the derivative instruments that apply to stocks can apply to bitcoin i guess. My question is, since bitcoin itself does not produce any cash flow like interest or dividend, is there any chance to sell long dated, way out of the money covered calls? If not, i suppose most bitcoin enthusiasts should start promoting it. That is a good, legitimate way to produce some cash flow out of it. In the "fiat" world as you all like to call it, thats the way we get money out of, for example, gold holdings. Never been assigned a single contract...

Hilarious that so many are convinced that bitcoin will keep going up. Like every other asset out there, even real assets, prices can fall, many could and do take 29-30 years to recover. An example the Nikkei, it reached at high in the 80s that was only recently passed after nearly 40 years. Also given the height of interest in bitcoin, and fact is it is that interest that has driven its price. What are the next drivers? What drives it higher. What box that will drive the price higher has not yet been ticked.

Yeah I'm not recommending it. Just explaining how it works. Pretty safe if you only borrow 20 to 25% of the collateral though

The key thing is can Btc give an average return of 20% a year. If so then it should always outpace ur loan interest but there will come a time when because of the market cap, it's going to give lower and lower returns.

Me personally... I wouldn't "sell" any of it. I'd use it directly for my needs. By the point in time I go to retire and live off my BTC (so nearly 20 years from now) pretty much everything will be payable in crypto. My working assumption is that for long time wallet holders (especially pre KYC era wallets) it'll be very likely that most of your purchases will end up not incurring the mentioned capital gains tax. Take that for what you will / how you will. Even still (regardless of what will / won't / might / might not happen) I wouldn't sell the BTC for fiat. I'd just use the BTC as BTC when I had a need to pay for something. The other side of it is I'd prepare to go into that part of my life being debt free.

I read a recommendation to take a loan against it. The benefits: loan isn't income...so no taxes. Rich people have been doing that with other assets for a long time. The downside, while you have the loan out, the bank has your assets as collateral. If those assets value decrease far enough (as specified by loan specifications) it will trigger liquidation, and the bank will take the collateral.

If I wanted to retire on 1 million, I would probably sell the BTC and take the LTCG tax. Then I'd buy $850,000 of STRK, keeping my bitcoin exposure while getting a fixed $71,000/year in dividends forever.

why not sell a part of it instead of selling it all, I mean 500k is good to start most business, and who know BTC might still reach 2million the remain 500k could now worth 1million again this is how I would go about it

Or an alternative idea; Just sell $10k worth and live off it as long as you can, then when needed sell another $10k worth, etc... you would need Bitcoin to continue to appreciate at a rate of 10%/year to pull $100k out each year and maintain your $1 mil worth. (Obviously over simplified with not counting taxes but you get the point)

I’m selling a third and put it into an ETF as this is my Coast Fire goal. Then I’ll continue working, much more relaxed, happy about the F-U-money.

Where do you live that you can retire on 1 million? I've spent almost that much on rent in my life alone and I've got a long way to go

easy 500k use as equity in options trading 300k hysa 100k dividend stocks (more into reits) (bito, zvol, orc, hrzn, arr, psec) 100k live off for as long as I can before spending option premiums/dividend income/possibly hysa interest that accumulated. Go back to work, and tell people how broke I am.

The goal of Bitcoin isn't to retire quickly and do nothing. If you think that, I think you've missed something.

Why would you ever think that it's possible to retire with 1 btc 😅 When it hits 1 million: - 1 million is not retirement-money. Maybe for 1 or 2 years faster retirement. - 1 million then is not the same as 1 million now. Maybe that's the price of a decent family car that day... Will be 1 million dollar be less worth than 1btc when hitting 1 million? Yes, so it's just a way the beat inflation but not retirement money ...

I'm not sure but I'm going to be mad if it actually gets there 😂 I bought two BTC and 2018 and felt like a champ paying my house off in 2021, picked up another half during the FTX crash, sold the majority of it by now but still have some. Actually come to think about it I already did have one of those situations where I spent a few thousand dollars on a crypto related product only to watch it go up like a hundred x in 2021. I felt pretty good turning 3,000 into 7,000, at the top my 3000 would have been worth a little over $300,000

Dump in s&p 500, could just open a Robinhood account to. rn they’re offering 4% on gold membership just to have cash sitting.

Borrow against an appreciating asset. It's just math.

Bloomberg TV: "Jack Mallers on building a Bitcoin Treasury".

Gold VS Bitcoin, which would you choose?🤔

You're asking on a Bitcoin subreddit

That hardware wallet might be empty, Ill take the gold please, sell it and buy bitcoin.

Bitcoin first because it’s easier to acquire, but having a gold brick in the vault as well would be pretty gangster 🤷🏻‍♂️

Honestly, right now, i would take the gold. Then buy BTC with it...

It depends how many bitcoins there are... I see at least 3300 kg of gold. At price of 90k each is in total 294M. Bitcoin is 110k now. So, I would choose bitcoin only if you give me at least 2,7k bitcoins.

Bitcoin, for its portability, verifiable scarcity, and potential for growth in the digital age. While gold is a physical store of value, Bitcoin offers a decentralized and borderless alternative for the modern era.

Doesn't that look beautiful

Have a bit of both. Gold def feels better in your hand

Nobody hacked or forgot their password to their gold in the past 10.000 years. So gold.

Gold all day long. You can use a gold bar for self defense but you can’t use bitcoin for that can you?

Well, that's a humongous amount of gold!

Bitcoin is easier to move and store

I lost the seed phrase to my gold bar.

That much gold vs. 1 bitcoin? I'd pick the gold.

100% the gold. That hardware wallet is really fragile. First thing I have to do is sent it to a 2-of-3 multisig wallet with cold storage offline metal backed up keys. And given I don't have a 100% chance of that even working to get my bitcoin secure, yeah gold please. But if you're sending me one, I already have the setup, I'll take the bitcoin please. I'll send you my address today.

You gotta be dumb if you reject that amount of gold…

When you think of how much gold exists you realize how worthless it actually is. I know one thing for sure and that's there is no Bitcoin on any asteroids in space. Same can't be said about gold

To be fair, if I can choose my bitcoin or this stack of gold, I choose the gold every day!

95% bitcoin + 5% gold, just to honor history 😄

Heck, given I'm not able to pay for either, I'll have both please 😜

I would pick a golden bitcoin

I would choose the metal, because it's shiny

Which is currently move valuable in USD? Theyre equal? Bitcoin. Gold is higher? Then gold and convert to BTC

BTC of course.

It only takes one guy with a hammer....

Why does gold have its current value? The supply keeps on growing all the time. It’s not scarce, it’s physical and yet has to sit inside vaults. You need to protect it against thieves and invest in safes to keep it safe. It’s bulky and a burden, you cannot immediately switch it to money, the fees are high depending on who you sell it to and it varies by a lot. I’d pick bitcoin thank you, it’s light, I know for a fact that there cannot be more of it, its safer, easy to keep away from thieves, easily transported and exchanged.

Of course Bitcoin, 😉

gold all my life. i dont want risk to lose a usb

I am quite partial to fiat money

Gold easy I mean btc is nice but gold has been around forever been through the US recession once btc goes through a recession and does well like gold has then my views would switch this is not a comment against btc I like btc and the idea behind it just dont know how it will survive a recession if we get one

My preference is bitcoin although I have some gold too. Theoretically I can have billions of dollars of bitcoin in my pocket, it would be impossible to carry that much gold as an individual

The gold is so pretty

$1.8B based on ChatGPT estimate of that gold stack

No contest whatsoever. Gold just isn't finite and will never experience the supply shock that Bitcoin will. It's also just not possible to manipulate Bitcoin to the degree of how badly gold was manipulated for too many years. Thank you Satoshi. #BTC 👍🪙😎

I would honestly take that pile of gold

Why not both? 70% BTC 30%.gold

i can feel it so gold it is

Gotta admit the gold is prettier

Gold. I wanna be a dragon.

definitely the gold, Id have enough money even if it was “tungsten filled” to retire and not have to worry about money again lol

Easily. Gold.

it takes one wrong move to destroy the btc wallet

Bitcoin is finite, gold isn’t

Gold is heavy. Bitcoin is inevitable.

Bitcoin of course

Well. There’s no Bitcoin in asteroids.

Gold because it's physical, and it looks better. I have more faith in gold because I know it will last. The downside is that it's heavy and takes up space.

Gold has history, but Bitcoin has future. One is heavy to carry, the other is borderless and unstoppable

Gold anyday

I will choose the one I can to anywhere any time

If you can’t hold it, you don’t own it. Gold all day

All it takes is one quantum computer

Which one you will choose - fire or electricity?

Goldcoin or BitGold

I’d take the gold… then sell it and buy the dip! #BTC4Life

It doesn't matter, neither gold or bitcoin pays passive income and for many that's the goal. Grow your money and put it in something with passive income and enjoy life somewhere in the wild with a nice garden with chickens

Thats the false comparment, just print to out the whole block chain.

120 day moving average on btc, maybe 50% in gold every 6 or 12 months

lots of these weird competition posts. i think kids are just going long and cant stand it shifting.

I’d keep 50/50 because fuck fiat currency

I mean both. If electricity fails then you’ve got gold, but for now it’s for sure bitcoin

Someone offers you a wheelbarrow filled with gold or one filled with Bitcoin. Which do you take?

Opening 100x long in gold is far better than btc

Gold first, then bitcoin

How much it cost to secure that gold, lol. It's like comparing library of book vs a hard disk full of digital books.

Get the gold. Sell it for over what it's going for. Buy bitcoin with earnings.

Rocks, or magic internet money?

Depends on how much is in that wallet. Can sell the gold for BTC if it'll give you more than the wallet. Don't want to be paying for storage, security etc. I'm not anti gold. It was the best money for millenia, so hats off, but a better form of money's now available. For those wanting lower volatility over a shorter time (e.g. you expect to sell in less than 5 years) , I can see the sense in having both.

Allocation.. 70%BTC, 30%Gld

I’ll go with both. While having bitcoin might be a good value storage in functioning society, when things go really nuts and the internet collapses due to power outage or sabotage I think accessing my gold coins in my vault in my home will be much easier and way more accepted as my hard to access or even totally inaccessible bitcoins

Gold poor man's metal.

Depends how much of each

Gold because I love chewing on it. Bad habit that I can't kick. I love a little treat every now and then. I actually salivate at the sight of it now.

I will buy whatever buys me the army. If we are all going to be rich, via bitcoin or gold.well I would rather have army than not. Once again of we are all rich….

75% Bitcoin and 25% gold.

Take the Gold and use it to buy the Bitcoin !

I'll be honest with you - so far I keep choosing both. proportions is the key, though. but shiny nuggets are cool, no matter what :)

i wouldn't mind getting a pallet of gold if you have any to spare.

your asking it here, bitcom but gold is king

The storage room is certainly very expensive

I'd love to own a gold bar, a really big and heavy one. I don't really care about its value or what you can use it for, I just want to hold that massive piece of gold in my hands.

BTC 100000%

How much gold vs how many bitcoin?

I would choose gold and buy BTC.

You mean gold as in gold certificates?

Easier to stick a thumbdrive up my butt than multiple kg’s of gold

All the gold vs 1 bitcoin. I’ll take the gold

Imagine someone offering you below spot every time you try to physically sell or transact with a piece of gold. Sounds like a nightmare.

I’d take the Gold, sell it, and buy BTC 🤑

Looking at that picture I’d quite like the gold 😂😂

Both. Diversification.

Hey op Is that your fingers caressing the gold bars?

Seems to be a lot of Bitcoin BearWhales lately, we know how this story ends.

It’s a natural part of the process. This is a long game and eventually Bitcoin will be distributed enough where the BearWhales will be more like BearDolphins.

Someone enlighten me If one day governments decide to ban the use of Bitcoins and destroy crypto exchanges what would happen to everyones Bitcoin or other crypto for the matter. How would people use Bitcoin if they don't really know the market value of it? Would it then be obsolete if there is no utility for it, and what if governments make it a criminal offense to even hold it, like the US did with gold in the 1930s (?) Would it be exclusive to the underground crypto market. Idk, I feel like the US dollar as inflationary and systemically corrupt as it is, is still somewhat backed by the USs monopoly of violence around the world. I don't think this will happen in the short term as everyone seems to still be ok with the money printing system. Maybe in the future, governments can't stop businesses taking crypto. Idk

Thats the neat part. They cant. You dont actually own a "bitcoin" you own a string of numbers of the protocol. As long as there is nodes and the network is running you can use your btc to transact on the blockchain. Unless the government were to flip a switch and turn off the internet, there is no stopping this train.

Thats the neat part… they cant!

Blackrock has 700k bitcoin. They’re not banning it. The rubicon has been crossed.

Govermen't can't ban you. Mind you, if you store your bitcoin in your deep cold wallet. What they might can do is shut down internet or electricity which very unlikely. And what they can do "legally" by their own terms is they can mark bitcoin as illegal, and can put you to jail for owning it just like gold back then sometimes in the past. But even so, you can still do transact with people as it meant to be P2P. I suggest you read The Bitcoin Standard Book. You'll learn alot there.

I’m retard but I don’t think they can ban it that’s kinda the point.

You have to understand the government has no real control over the use of Bitcoin. The govt doesn’t control it anymore than you do. They can try to stop the “on and off ramps” like coinbase, but ultimately if these centralized entities were to be taken down, any motivated coder could create a jurisdictionless solution that everyone could use outside the reach of any state actor. What will happen in reality is any government that restricts access to Bitcoin is in fact cutting themselves out of the wave of prosperity that hard money brings.

Then we will ban the government.

The whole point of the structure of bitcoin is that it cannot be stopped by a ban. The same like torrents. So I think you need to start from square 1.

You should really take the time to study Bitcoin more. It’s clear you haven’t fully understood it yet.

You are allowed to choose another government

Don't worry, I'll still run a node and a Bitaxe ASIC miner. You'll be okay.

Learn how bitcoin works. This will answer all of your questions. Do The Work.

They can only ban converting to fiat.

It's the one truly decentralized crypto. It's controlled by the people and exists outside the internet. In fact I believe it's the longest running digital system without interruption, even the internet has gone down but not Bitcoin. Instead of getting people to convince you just go study more on what Bitcoin is because once you understand everything about it you'll realize there's nothing else that compares.

they did it like 57 times already LOL. try to keep up

Baba booiue

Why is Local Coin Swap so slow? I've been waiting four hours just of Localcoinswap to generate neon-custodial wallets. Is it always this slow?

Bitcoin on Old hard drive. Let's say hypothetically I have Bitcoin on an old hard drive. Like old back when Bitcoin was $100 a coin. What would be the method or ways to access my Bitcoin if I forgot the key?

You hand it over to OutrageousCherry3687 and let him figure it out

Judging by your post, my guess is you have a physical hard drive you think might have bitcoin on it, but you don't know how to even look at its contents. Everything depends on what wallet software was in use when storing the bitcoin. I recommend you call a professional if you can't provide even basic details in terms of the hard drive contents. Someone like [this guy](

How many DMs have you received so far?

You could try paying someone to hack it

Option A is probably to learn to hack Option B is to pay someone to hack into it

Is the drive encrypted?

Search for a wallet.dat file.

Bitcoin staking? Maybe? What’s your opinion about it? I’d love to hear from everyone. What do you think the future would look like for bitcoin holders other than storage of value? Ready? Go!

Proof of Stake is a scam, with no hard limit caps. A shitcoin is designed to profit the creators especially the ones designed with lockup periods, partly designed to prevent people from selling between epoches - the vary coins you are currently being scammed by. Consider the coins you had that haven't had a new ATH since 2021, and how many more millions or billions of coins have flooded into circulation since then. That ATH is considerably more difficult to attain as time goes on. Their inflation rates are astronomical to pay out staking rewards.

Good way to lose your bitcorn

Staking exists with proof of stake chains like fiat currency & other 💩coins because they have infinite supply They reward your staking with more of the same units but dilute the supply (inflation) by increasing it There is no free lunch in this universe, staking is not thermodynamically or economically sound It exists in crony capitalism & 💩coins for a reason

I think proof of stake is fundamentally flawed. There's a really good chapter on proof of stake vs proof of work in Broken Money by Lyn Alden that I would highly recommend.

Not your keys not your coin

Giving someone your bitcoin for a marginal return isn’t worth it. It’s -EV if you factor in the non-zero chance of losing it all.

Stop it. Get some help.

Scammer alert

First off, are you flexing? second, why?

y u on reddit 😭 😂

Question For Node Runners What is the largest difference between Core and Knots? I have heard that the amount of computing power must be larger for Core due to the fact that Core allows for additional use cases for BTC besides currency and investing. Will either mean doom for BTC?

There are almost no difference between Knots and Core. About the computing power difference, it is hard to say. Core doesn't allow additional use case at all. I would say Knots is probably using more computing power and bandwidth as it is missing some transactions in its mempool that it needs to then download when the block is mined. (The transactions rejected by Knots always ends up downloaded into a block anyway)

It's all about the choice to allow, or not, spam on the blockchain. You choose.

keep bitcoins use case as money - run knots

Go with knots 100%. Next version of core will promote spam traffic.

Why Would someone try to destroy a currency, while investing heavily in crypto?

The government and central banks destroy fiat currency on their own. USD had already lost 99%+ of its purchasing power before Bitcoin was ever created. All fiat goes to zero over long time spans.

Because USD is garbage.

Why hold something that is made to lose value or your time/energy

It sounds like you are unfamiliar with how bad the dollar is and how it steals your hard earned time & energy from the work you performed to get it. Watch this to better understand: Clip 1 • Understanding Money: The difference between “Currency” & “Money”.. What is sound money, and why gold (and now bitcoin) fits this description (This series was originally made in 2010, before bitcoin was well known). Feel free to watch all 10 videos in the series in your spare time, but if you do anything, at least watch the 1st vid in the series. (This might be the most important video here) [

Why would you think otherwise?

Nothing is being destroyed. Your "currencies" are going to bitcoin sellers, not disappearing out of existence.

Suptember. Just a thought that evolved into an observation and now I’m putting it out there. How many of you are considering the possibility that the powers that be are forcing the Bitcoin price down until Suptember just to break the cycle and reinforce the new model that has w-a-a-y less volatility and much more closely resembles the power law and stock-to-flow model that many are trying to declare dead? Just saying… it could happen. Would that make you happy or otherwise? Without the excess volatility it might be far less exciting but then boring can occasionally be good. Anyway, here’s to Q4 2025!

I think the first 2 weeks of September are always down in halving 4 years

How do you force the price down without having bought any of the underlying. They could naked short IBIT but the way btc moves that's a losing trade and they will have to cover it at some point which would mean a ton of buying pressure. If they are or if they arent, the answer to either scenario is consistent accumulation.

Bitcoin had 6 rallies between 60 and 90% this cycle. Wtf makes you thinks the closing move will be any different? There is no new model because there cant be one.

How are business owners accepting BTC? As a business owner, what is the best (fast, cheap, secure) platform to accept BTC payments. Retail, small transactions. Thanks.

BTCPay Server is the solution I hear about most often on podcasts and stuff. It's open source and supported by OpenSats, Human Rights Foundation, etc. I have no experience with it, though.

I use it as payment for people to commission my art on my website. I mentioned it on my faq, if you want to pay with btc you can, simply ask me through email to get my official address. As per now its quite hassle to setup auto payment with bitcoin unlike paypal. But speed.app might be solution too, as it uses lighting network, and you can setup your wallet there with domain @speed.app to collect your transaction before moving it to your vault wallet.

Coinbase Commerce.

Coinos.io makes it extremely easy.

Run your own node via Bitcoin knots and send a new address for each transaction. Even better, a new wallet for every transaction. It may not be the most convenient but it is definitely the most secure.

You should worry more about your bitcoin instead The fiat price will always gonna go up and down as usual. But i do personally believe eventually it will reach $1 Million sometimes later. The thing you should be worrying is, will you still have your Bitcoin by that time? are you sure about that? Worry about your bitcoin, how you store it. Store it in a deep cold wallet. Do a semi quarter security check. Don't use alt coins wallet, use btc only wallet. Make sure you set up your seed properly, make sure it's offline, never touched internet, no shouting it outloud, near mic, camera etc, Check your seedphrase, check your passphrase, test your hardware wallet if it still work, if not buy another one for backup. Make sure you don't and never put your seed on any electronic device, online or else. Study more on how bitcoin really works, sha-256, Ecda, why running your own nodes is crucial. Run your own nodes, preferably bitcoin knots by luke dashjr, and help contribute the network, and prevent spam. This is all very-very important. What matter is you still have the bitcoin for your future later. Not worrying over small dip like this caused by whales like to f with people. Stay humble stack sats.

$10M The biggest risk is your own desires for cars or houses.

Wtf is a semi quarter security check. I’m supposed to do something every six weeks?

Shitcoin wallets are an attack vector due to their ability to integrate shitcoin smart contracts. Not possible with a BTC only wallet. I am a fan of the foundation wallets.

Absolutely—price swings are temporary, but losing your keys is forever. Lock down that seed + passphrase in cold storage and keep stacking sats.

Monthly recurring meeting to validate access, pwds, and all.

Ok, I do have a question as I’m looking for a wallet soon. I’ve seen the bitcoin specific trezors and was curious what the difference was.

why a bitcoin only wallet? do people really lose their bitcoin or get it stolen?

What is the security concern over using a wallet which supports alt coins?

What’s the best way to cold store? Like what if the hardware itself fucking shits out 10-20 years from now? What wallets do you all recommend? I have blue wallet right now. This is such a great point. But how do we access and secure it for the future.

i use 2 in 3 multisig ledger setup? will i be alright in 10+ year from now. or should i change to trezor?

Underrated post 💯

Don't think about the price of bitcoin going up and down. Think only how fiat will always be less valuable in the future. Deflation never happens. All fiat eventually goes to zero. Thus the price of bitcoin in fait literally has no top. $1M, $100M, ... it will never stop. It becomes pointless to even measure using fiat. What would the price of Bitcoin be if measured in Zimbabwe dollars or Argentine pesos. When a single sat is worth trillions in fiat it's just stupid to even make the comparison.

The number one metric in my mind is Bitcoin yield. If you can't match it you're wasting your time and gambling your future

Do you think 2 of 3 miltisig is mandatory?

I think Bitcoin still has a lot of room to grow.

Why would I worry someone else bitcoin?

Why would I need to worry if the hardware wallet still works? If it's broken I can just use the seed phrase to restore the wallet.

best btc only wallet???

Or u can buy FBTC and not have to worry about any of that

WDYM? I check it everyday

Bluewallet is very good and secure.

Bitcoin bought from IBKR or wealthsimple will not count?

I want to start running my own full node. Any suggestions for a ssd hard drive to connect to MacBook?

I'm new to bitcoin. Why not buy bitcoin shares? As you don't have to worry about all the security of theft or damage/loss?

Terrible advice. You don’t buy a backup when the main fails. You buy a backup before it does. This is why I recommend to the vast majority of people, even in this sub, to avoid self-custody. Including you, apparently. If you can’t follow basic 3-2-1 practices for backup for your wallet, don’t put any significant money in there and opt for ETFs instead. And the 3-2-1 is particularly difficult, particularly the 1. Since it must be in a different place, you must be able to avoid third party access, which is extremely non-trivial. Sure, there’s bank vaults, but since you don’t trust banks in the first place… If you have a hardware wallet and a single physical copy of your seed only, you should be very worried. If all your copies are in the same house, you should be very worried. If you can’t do it properly, don’t self-custody.

Someone tell me why owning the largest ETF in the world - IBIT is a bad move? Are you telling me I’ll wake up one day and that $83.7bn of bitcoin will have been hacked from Blackrock?

i think bitcoin has caped, i know people always been saying since 1 dollar, but this time fore sure, theres no appeal left to it anymore, no volatility, no huge gains anymore and ofc insane buying price.

Buying and selling easy I usually buy small small amounts of bitcoin like 20$ worth thrn send it right away. Now there seems to be a glitch or something cus mine and my mother's bitcoin options ask to verify to buy sell or send and we've tried many times and support isntcany help. Is there something I can just buy 15 20 25$ worth of coin n then copy the other person's address n send it like you would in cashapp. Simple easy and fast? I have bitpay now but I was guna test it out with 1$ but I think its a 1$ min and what I have in cashapp is 3.40 and I think its 5min to send it to bitpay. Does bitpay work like that I see it has a option to buy and use a card but when I choose venmo its gives me a weird number then ask how much to send like 0.00000308 or something I can't just type in 5 or whatever number... Thanks

Everything is ok!

you jinxed it, it will crash to -1000$ now

I feel like this sub has become 90% low effort shit posts

Aaaaaaaand it s gone

ITS NEVER OK!!! BITCOIN IS ALWAYS DYING OR ALREADY DEAD!

Can we get a sub 100k hour or so? I've got some cash I need to plug in...

Posts screenshot of a downtrend that is just rolling over to keep going down but everything is ok!

why are there so many dramatic noobs here this is literally just another day

Bitcoin has been down ever since its creation!!!

Spoiler alert: Everything was not! Extra spoiler: A dip like this is nothing to be concerned about :D

harden up love. Do you even bitcoin?

and who is the savior of the world economy? It's not who you think. The person's name is Satoshi Nakamoto.

I’ve seen mentions of September being a down or bearish time for Bitcoin. Why then, wouldn’t everyone automatically sell at the end of August and buy during the traditional annual September dip? Is it because nobody really has a clue what the future has in store for Bitcoin? Therefore just HODL!?

Not good, dropped below a multiday support Down we go i think $105k maybe?

What were your experiences with Usfinances? Has anyone entrusted their crypto with Usfinances and got it back when they asked for it? I didn't. Did you have to hire a forensic financial analyst and or an attorney? I would have thought any financial organization with Cathy Wood as a CEO would be more upstanding, wouldn't you? Comments please?

Cath**IE** Wood, no. Some random pig butcher calling themselves "Cathy Wood"? Looks like you fell for the scam. Hopefully it wasn't much.

All in on Bitcoin To those who have gone all in on bitcoin, and I mean actually all in besides having money for your basic needs, have you regretted it? I have around 80k in cash, and I keep telling my wife I want to put all of it in bitcoin, and she is like No, I dont think we should do that, it's too risky. However, I understand it, but a little nervous about dumping that much into it too. I am shooting to get one bitcoin over time by DCA every month.

Learned from experience, just do auto invests. DCA without even looking is my way. 100 bucks a week, ill check it again in 10 years.

I should be comfortable with retirement the way I've been able to save. Bitcoin gives me the opportunity to potentially retire far earlier than I would be able to otherwise. If it doesn't work out, that's unfortunate, but it's not like my life's ruined.

Consider 30-50% and DCA from there.

Tell your wife the US dollar is risky

I mean, I'm at like 99.2% all in. I don't check the price every day. I don't worry about what could happen. Bitcoin has won. How big the win gets is the only relevant question. Between the Treasury companies, 401k buyers, sovreigns, pensions, and companies buying there will never be enough, which will launch the price to Valhalla over time. I will never own a boat, but I'll be financially free in a expat friendly country drinking margaritas on a beach. That's all I want, and it'll happen soon enough for me.

Im one of the few that will say you should diversify. Stocks, index funds, maybe even some gold. Going all in on anything is generally not a good idea.. Edit: this doesn't mean I dont have full faith in BTC, it means that there may be a time in the future where I severely need cash and BTC is down. Consistent diversified investing is the best strategy for safety and long term growth.

Just put some of it in.

You never go full regard

"Have you regretted it" We're at all time highs dude! The only ones regretting is short sellers. I'm sure at some point most holders have questioned their decision, but idk about regret while holding.

Buy when ever there’s a dip, I recommend buying all at once, but buy what you can afford, and once you have a significant amount get a cold wallet and transfer your bitcoin there, watch out for scammers don’t share your keys with anyone don’t respond to any dms

You are the wife

9 times out of 10 the uninformed partner in a relationship will not agree because they haven’t done the homework. That person who is usually risk-averse in the relationship (usually the wife) will likely be against getting bitcoin as well. If you have done the homework and have the conviction, you can do your best to educate the partner by organizing a sit down time to show them specific videos for you guys to watch and discuss together to help them get on the same page. Sometimes they will not get on the same page no matter what, sometimes they don’t want to learn, perhaps in this situation, you tell them to just trust you, and you take charge for your family’s future. With investments in general, it’s hard to be 100% sure, and I know you would hate to be in a situation where you lose an investment and have to explain it to your spouse. But remember, bitcoin is not an investment, it is money. It is the hardest money humans have ever had access to. It is finite and gains value against a debasing dollar, and the world is trending toward adoption of bitcoin. By the numbers, it has a CAGR of 75% over the last couple years and something like 190% if you look at the full lifetime of bitcoin. You’ve made a good choice and where to put your $80,000. So now it’s time to protect your long-term wealth and buy your bitcoin, and remember to never sell it ever. If you feel that you still need more educating for yourself, or you’re looking for a kick ass list of videos for both you and you’re supposed to view, I got you covered with these videos below👇. ——————— Educating yourself is the key to being calm, rational, even confident in your decision to hodl. Start Here: In all things, you have to start with understanding the problem, before the solution will even make sense, and so many in our society don't even know the problem exists. That's by design. The truth of money has been cleverly hidden in plain sight. Primer 1: The Creation of the Federal Reserve - [ Primer 2: Sound Money - I have created a list of videos to give you a strong foundation, you should power through these videos, but most importantly, clips 1 & 3. // -- Understanding the Problem -- \\ Clip 1 • Understanding Money: The difference between “Currency” & “Money”.. What is sound money, and why gold (and now bitcoin) fits this description (This series was originally made in 2010, before bitcoin was well known). Feel free to watch all 10 videos in the series in your spare time, but if you do anything, at least watch the 1st vid in the series. (This might be the most important video here) [ Clip 2 • Where printing money is headed: Inflation & hyper inflation - the end result of the use of Fiat currency [ // -- Understanding the Solution -- \\ Clip 3 • Understanding Bitcoin: What bitcoin is, the problem it fixes, and why its the solution [ Clip 4 • Keep your wealth indefinitely: Why you never need to sell bitcoin. [ // -- Bonus Clips -- \\ Bitcoin can change the world, because the world can’t change Bitcoin [ Short Jack Mallers Interview: [

Hold that money wait for the next big dip and throw all in 👍

Fiat currency works via inflation, that’s the risk If you’re ok with falling behind & living a harder life 🤷‍♂️

1BTC = 1BTC. There can only ever be 21 Million

Read the psychology of money by Morgan Housel befote you go all in on anything.

Many many many moons ago when I was younger, I did the same. Had a solid little supply, 30k in the bank. Sat on it for years not doing anything. Over a 6 month span, back at 10k btc, I started averaging in and doing the dance. Many many many moons have passed… I’m the envy of my friends. I’m not rich. I’ve made good choices, and lived below my means. I raise a family on my income alone. My son is home school, house and cars long paid off. We fear nearly nothing in the global/social economy. Retirement is basically secured in 5 more years. It has led only to complacency and the discomfort of all the “if I had experienced xyz”…. I missed out on some of the experience of life. But we have no doubt I made good choices. No regrets. But wait for cycle bottoms. Now is not the time, even if your time horizon is 20 years out. Wait for the bear market mid next year and let that bottom out some.

dont do that

If you check the price everyday then I wouldn’t recommend that move because you will constantly be stressed and possibly panic sell. I believe in the freedom that BTC gives me and honestly I am highly against control and how the fiat system works, so for me I only keep bare minimum fiat for bill payments other than that I just stack and do not look at any price charts. In fact you’d be surprised to know I didn’t know BTC had hit 100k until I saw a reel on instagram 1 day after the 100k was reached.

As a broke person putting in 20k life savings was hard but also I can work to live so for me it was the way, but if I already had money not sure if I would have

Keep a little stash for quick access money, put it into a high yield savings account if one is available. Then DCA the rest into bitcoin while dropping larger amounts when the price “crashes”.

Keep emergency fund of 3-6 months in a HYSA. Put the rest in BTC if you can stomach a 50% drop and not sell. If she’s not all in, buy 0.1 BTC and the rest VOO or SPY and dollar cost average more to make the wife happy in the mean time so your ayleast keeping pace with inflation while you get her to watch videos to understand bitcoin and hopefully she becomes more risk adverse. When that 0.1 BTC becomes half your portfolio give her a nice big, “we would have this much if you listened to me.” If you are unsuccessful on converting her.

I have not gone all in. I will never go all in on any single investment. There is always an element of risk. Things can change. And I do not want to go from being financially independent to broke due to some kind of unexpected change. Crypto is a part of my investment strategy. BTC is the vast majority of my crypto investment. But crypto as a whole is just one leg of my investments. I am invested in equities (stocks). I have a small real estate portfolio. As I make more money from crypto, I take profits to move some of it to other investments. I would be richer if I went all in on crypto and took no profits. I would have also had a much more stressful last 7 years due to the rollercoaster ride we have been on. And the next 7 years could be very different. Unless I was very young with very limited assets, I would never go all in on any single investment no matter how bullish I am on it.

Risking 80k and a divorce. Peak retard.

Never regretted it, but buy the dips not the rips

The best way to avoid arguments (because she doesn’t sound too forcefully opposed), may be to suggest a DCA. You could suggest 300 per week which will result in you buying a substantial part by 4 years. She might not realise you’d have put in about 70% or more by then. At that time, you’d have ridden out the bear market and your pile should be well in profit, making your plan look more credible. Also you wouldn’t have had to see big downturns whilst being all in which is good for sanity. You’d actually have been buying at a low price.

Not right now man. Maybe put a nice little chunk in, then set up a weekly auto-buy (DCA) for now. Wait until Bitcoin DUMPS again after this cycle to REALLY start sinking money into it. Then again, a lot of people are theorizing that, because of institutional adoption and the Bitcoin ETFs (among other things), “this cycle will be different.” I tend to NOT agree with that though. If you are prepared to HOLD it for like 6-8 more years, though, and aren’t afraid of volatility over that span of time, then you probably COULD sink a lot of money into it right now and you would be totally fine in the long run. I just don’t think this is the best time to dump damn near everything you have into it (because of where we are in the cycle). Just be careful dude!!

I may have put a diamond on my wife's finger years ago but she has given me diamond hands every f*cking day for years... All in and never selling!

Your legs look a little shaky to be all in on anything. Do pushups

The first time I deeply researched BTC was in 2017. I learned enough to understand timing was important. So I watched the cycle from the sidelines. In 2019, I started accumulating. In the 2020 COVID scare, I went all in. I am now semi-retired because of those decisions. $80k is a lot of money. A well timed investment could be (even more) life changing. Listen to your wife and be patient.

The real risk is storing your time and energy in fiat as it deteriorates. 80k buys like 25% less than it did 4 years ago. You’ve literally lost 20k already by holding it in cash. Keep some in cash that you’ll need but def out atleast half in BTC…

I went all in 3 years ago in 2022. Since then, my wealth has appreciated over 300%. Last year when the bitcoin ETFs launched, I converted my entire IRA to FBTC. That has appreciated by 161%. Bitcoin is probably the safest place you can put your money - in cyberspace where it can't be debased by government. I know the monetary policy and exact future supply issuance. I sleep soundly at night, and I'm getting wealthier over time.

Your wife is right. And it's good that you feel it by yourself. See it this way: what happens if BTC drops 80% in December and you have committed all your money into it? What would that do to yourh relation, to your health, how would you feel? What if you or your wife then need the money urgently? If you think Bitcoin is sth that you would like to own, just DCA in.

I would wait for the cycle to be over and scoop it up on the cheap

Might wanna wait

Yeah no. Don't go all in on one asset. If you want a tech portfolio, at least you're spreading your bets across a handful of good companies and tech assets like BTC. If you go all in on BTC, you're entire portfolio isn't a portfolio. It's just a fraction of an asset.

I wouldn't put everything, it's a risky asset, put 30% maximum and gradually.

It will be a rough ride because of the fluctuations. I just stop looking when it gets to be too much.

Now is NOT the time to go 'all in'... we're in the latter half of a 4 year cycle (yes, these will still happen and I know institutional adoption will make these vary going forward...) and there's still some gas in the tank for BTC to hit 130-160K by end of the year. I would wait for the correction in mid to late '26 or early '27, and buy back in when it corrects back into the 35-50K range. NFA.

im not sure how else i would have had a shot at retirement before going all in on btc

What is your time horizon, risk tolerance (can you and your wife be cool riding through a cycle and volatility)? Cycles come and go and you get used to the volatility, but they can be unsettling at first. If you are holding this money for 5+ years I think it is easier to go all in maybe with a quick reference to what percent above or below the power law line we are at. If you need it in 1-2 you may not be able to stomach the cycle and may want to DCA in below the power law line.

Don't put yourself in a position in which you may have to sell bitcoin. It can be worse than never buying. It isn't a trade, what can you put in and be good indefinitely, including through the next big bear market.

Start slow and build it. I put in 2% to start, then learned more, 5%. Then over the years I got to 60% in btc and related (MSTR, energy, miners). I feel I’m a bit too heavy now but I believe in it. Don’t go 100% to start, it will take some time to build diamond hands which I feel is required for it. In April I had back to back days dropping 6 figures, only to see it turn into a 40% gain on the year in july.

Only invest what you can afford to lose. We see enough sob stories of people contemplating suicide when the bear market hits because they went all in

Watch Michael Saor recent events at 2025 conference and btc prague. She will all in after

I wouldn't go all in with the emergency fund. 50% drawdowns could caused forced sale at a loss.

I would dca 5k now then 500 a day till you are in.

I put 95% of my paycheck in bitcoin. I’m always all in. If it goes up, better for me, if it goes down better for me too. I just buy more from another side gig.

No one with a long investment horizon has ever regretted going all in on bitcoin. I will say that I found myself in need of cash after being without income for 2.5 years. Bitcoin was in a down cycle, and I had to sell a lot to keep the lights on. That is not ideal, but overall, obviously it's been a great investment.

Bitcoin is a long term investments it’s not a pump and dump. Like any investment have a plan and don’t risk what you can’t lose.

Allocate no more to bitcoin than you would allocate to a single stock in your portfolio. The general rule of thumb that most people cite is no more than **10-15% of your portfolio** should be individual stocks. I personally view crypto as *more high risk than stocks so I do less than that*, but it really doesn't matter that much as long as you never forget the golden rule: # Don't invest more than you can afford to lose in high risk investments.

Go all the way in, don’t tell the wife, but surprise her in 5 years. She will be very happy she married someone who has balls.

I have about a 50 to 1 ratio of bitcoin to cash in dollar terms. Been in since mid 2017. Never regretted it. Don’t need to throw all 80k in at once but having that much cash just sitting there being inflated away isn’t good. Can also keep 10k, 20k etc. Definitely a middle ground if you guys compromise.

Honest question?? Because I have some .who backs Bitcoin?

It is going to drop by 50% at some point in the not too distant future. It might go up a lot before that though. If you want to hold no matter what for at least 4-5 years you are probably good. Just don’t panic sell and make sure you wife knows that is very possible

I personally wouldn't put all of my money into it. However, I would put maybe 25% of that cash in BTC and then it will hopefully become the majority of your money over time. That is what I did. I spent maybe 20-25% of cash I had lying around, and now it represents about 30-40% of my net worth. I will be more than ok if that number moves up to 60-70% :).

Zero regrets

I've got nothing else to lose. I'm already working a part time minimum wage job.

No one can really tell OP what to do with their money. If you believe, you believe. And one thing’s for sure Bitcoin is not the wrong move. If you’re a Maxi, you go all in. If you’re not, you stick with DCA. Ask Michael Saylor any time of the day he’ll tell you: “There’s no second best.” And yes, he’ll say you should go all in. But ask a non-believer? You’ll get the exact opposite. OP, maybe September will be everyone’s lucky month… or it might turn into a nightmare for those who didn’t buy early. 😉 Good luck, OP. 🍀

I treat it like a savings account. To date its only eventually gone up. No reason to believe it won't.

I feel Bitcoin has peaked and it's losing momentum. Anyone else?

Im all in i finally talked my wife into it. But it took us putting 100k into a 6 month cd to only get a 2000 return that finally changed her mind

I would advise not doing that. I would however scale in at a reasonable amount. I'd do 5k a month and DCA. Protect your buying power. It's already almost 10x pretty much from the previous bottom, that's usually not when you fomo all in at once.

Put 50k in bitcoin and keep 30k on a HYSA for any emergency that may occur

What’s your objective with this money? Whats your timeframe? How old are you? How much is your household income? How many kids do you have? What’s your emergency fund? Don’t answer this to me. Do it for yourself and you’ll have your answer. If you don’t, ask chat gpt and provide these answers to it.

I was all in and the reason I regretted it was because I can’t have margin on my bitcoin in my brokerage account. So now I’m 80% Bitcoin and 20% other stuff that I can have margin on to play with options a bit.

if you can put 80k all in and still be able to live your day to day life as normal without any regret i say go for it. Otherwise, no. That 80k could flip real nice in a short frame. Your gains will be insane in the long run 5-10 years. probably over a million if you can hold and live long enough.

If you want to go risky, buy bitcoin, options trade, and buy real estate. If you have the skills you’ll make a lot more than Bitcoin alone. If you don’t want to learn how to leverage those other assets, just buy bitcoin.

It’s definitely a lot more risky, and I would recommend diversifying your investments because if one goes down you don’t have to worry about losing anything. Even putting some aside, whatever you’re comfortable with, into an index fund can help mitigate any losses from bitcoin. And if the bitcoin investment ends up having huge returns, that’s great too!

Market buy it all and full send

If you can let it sit for 4+ years you're golden. Its buying in and needing it in the short term or trying to daytrade it that can lose you money.

60k lump buy. DCA with the remaining 20k. You do need an initial large position to start. Don't try to time the market, just keep buying.

I went "all-in" back in 2020 with an average purchase price of $11k. It's worked out well for me.

Started making my coffee at home and auto invest $10 a day. Check my Strike app the first of every month and that’s it. DCA for life!

I have not. Mind you, I did it many years ago

Husbands and wives need to be on the same page. Meet each other on an amount you both can agree on.

Make your wife choose a number for insurance in case they hyper inflate the dollar and or bitcoin becomes the money. You have to buy some insurance. Buy that amount with her permission.

Go ahead and put 80k into Bitcoin at the top bro!

Your money mate who cares what she thinks she will claim it as her idea in 10 years.

Well, considering 98% of the people who bought made money I don't think you will find someone who regrets it. Maybe the guy who went all-in at 123k. But even that guy will feel better in a few weeks.

Nope, but my husband was on board and I took some profit/diversified when he asked a few years later. Great so far! See if you can compromise with your wife through something like a DCA plan or a smaller amount when/if the bear market hits. You can probably (probably) pick up half a coin at around 70k in a year or two and do just as well as all in now.

Send it all.

I would not go all in. Markets can stay irrational a lot longer than you can stay solvent. Low probability but not impossible that BTC dives 50% in a few weeks (don’t forget long tail black swan events), a severe recession hits, you need cash in fiat (because you know it’s still a fiat world), and if you’re forced to sell BTC at a loss it hurts. So… DCA. I’d do 1/3 now and the rest over 2 years. If it crashes hard, get aggressive.

If you put all you have in one investment, its doesn't make you dumb, it makes you irresponsible. Put a percentage into it, if you want.

Also ask yourself, would it be ok if it goes to zero?

Always DCA, the market can always change so dramatically regardless of how impossible it seems today. My rule of thumb is invest daily, then double the amount if BTC drops by 25% or more. I am ALL IN besides my basic needs. It’s the majority of my net worth aside from my 401k at work and the house I live in.

My wife and I have been all in since 2022. Zero regrets.

or you can give me 80k and I will help you to buy the bitcorn

Its at all time highs, everyone is going to be positive about it.

You have 80k in cash or your total life’s savings?

I've done the same thing, pour it all in.....but during bear markets. Much better r:r if I want the most btc my money can buy

Diversify!

If you go all-in and it crashes, you're gonna get divorced, dude.

I went all in in ‘21. Been doing $150/week since then. Haven’t pulled a dollar out yet. Doin well.

Tough situation. Your wife doesn't understand what's going on. I've been there. Try to explain that the risk is not owning enough bitcoin. See if she will learn about it. I was in your situation years ago. It took many years until she could see how right I was.

80k I would suggest buying some stocks too, bitcoin will probably crash before u get to double ur money. Almost everyone holding bitcoin right now is in profit. All the ETF holders will unload sooner or later just wait for that crash

There's always the saying of never putting all of your eggs in one basket. (something like that, I forgot idk.) Even if one is not invested into something it's a good idea to have a safety net, even if it's unmoving fiat money. Bitcoin is an investment strategy, you're setting aside money for the hopes it will grow over time, not savings account. Just do a DCA (Dollar Cost Average) and hold long term, $100 or $500 a month and just forget about it. This is your "foot at the door" strategy. You don't have to watch the market, about Bitcoin's price and it sure will save you from depression if BTC goes into a bear market and your assets turn red with negative numbers. Going all in BTC is only great if you're planning to do it once and storing that Bitcoin in a cold wallet.

I’m all in. No regrets after 12 years of holding. Just be clear eyed and understand that it can, and it will, drop by 50% or 70% and stay there for years. That part is difficult, but then it blasts up past your cost basis and all is forgiven.

I regret not doing it

Your Daily Bitcoin Breakdown newsletter is now live. Check out today’s Top Stories and a sneak peek at the latest Opinion & Analysis pieces. Full issue link is in the comments.

Bitcoin, state of the art

What’s the best way to transfer my bitcoin from my cash app account? I have the coinbase and base app if that helps

Get a Trezor and start moving it

If you have never sent Bitcoin before, do a smaller test transaction to your own wallet first. Make sure you have the seed phrase. Erase the wallet and recover the wallet from the seed phrase. Then send the rest.

How many DMs you got so far OP?

I got a cold wallet you can send it to mine!

Get the Coldcard Q

Whatever you do, get a hardware cold storage wallet , and transfer it to there. Do a small test transfer first so you don’t accidentally make a mistake and loose all your crypto in one bulk transaction. Remember , using cold storage is the safest way to hold your crypto, but also comes with the most responsibility. - write down your seed phrase and make a 1-2 backups of it so if anything happens to one, you have it securely stored elsewhere , either encrypted electronically or however you wish to do it. Not your keys - not your crypto. Rule #1

You tap the up/down arrows to access withdrawals. Choose standard speed and you'll pay zero fee. Get a bitkey and transfer to it. That's the lowest-opsec-effort hardware wallet.

You wrote self custody wrong

into mine lol, seriously go with open source to make a wallet

To my wallet address Low k 🤣🤣🤣🤣 I’m just playing idk I don’t use cash app 🫠

You can send to me 🤗

On chain. To your cold wallet.

passport foundation is a good wallet alternative to gold card

> what's the best way to transfer my Bitcoin ...that alone says soo much about not being versed in it. Although I think it's cool that you're taking care of yourself, you should reeeaally read up on what you're doing too. What is your goal? Transfer for what reason? Are you trying to store it better? Get a cold wallet like Trezor. Create a wallet in trezor and *understand what you'll be doing with it* before you "send" (the up-down arrow button to the right) your Bitcoin to your Bitcoin address in your trezor wallet. Save your phrase, NEVER LOSE IT...if you plan to keep buying and storing, then repeat the part where you "send" your Bitcoin to your trezor. If your goal is to sell, you can sell from CashApp, or send it to your coinbase Bitcoin address, and then sell it from coinbase. Depending on how you feel about safety and security, you *can* keep your Bitcoin in CashApp or in coinbase..although not recommended if you plan to trust yourself. Edit: if you do end up "sending" it, regardless to which platform, always send a tiny amount to test the transfer.

It’s bitcoin so get a bitcoin-only wallet like Jade. Cash App has low limits, so get going - you’re already beyond the limit for a single transfer. Head over to r/bitcoinbeginners and learn.

For the love of god Stop posting your bags. You can ask this question without posting your bag.

Cash app it to me

Only problem is you can only move $2k per day and $5k per week so I suggest you start doing it

Click the arrows add my wallet and send it to me then I’ll transfer it to a new wallet you create

I don’t have that option myself idk why

Cash app? wtf bro

You can only sell your bitcoin for cash on cashapp. You cannot send bitcoin out of cashapp

WAR, BITCOIN & TRUTH

The hardest part is waiting I got in at the top, determined to hold for… a time. As long as it takes. But I didn’t blow my whole wad—I saw the green line going up, and said “okay, slim chance we’re at the bottom. I’ll hold some back and buy some more Bitcoin at the bottom.” But the bottom hasn’t come. It feels like it’ll never come… It’s been a torturous wait, measured in hours instead of years. Some people have said to me, “Didn’t it hit ATH like last week?” But they don’t understand. They lack the knowledge of a commitment unfulfilled. I’m new. It’s all fresh and raw. Do I DCA weekly, or hourly? Is the bear guaranteed, or will it never stop going up? If the money printer goes keeps going brrrr, will we ever see the prophecied Dip again? How long can we hover around 111k—is 111 a meme number that everyone knows but me?! It’s been entire days that I’ve had a limit order in for 105k… never filled. Maybe it never will be. Please, let the great discount come soon.

If you struggle with waiting for a month, how are you going to HODL for a decade? **Low time preference**, mate.

I DCA daily myself. You can have large chunks bought at lower amounts like your $105k limit, it may hit it may not nobody knows. Investing needs to be accompanied with patience regardless if it's stocks, bonds, real estate or bitcoin. You should put in money you are willing to RISK and not need for many many years, at least 2 full halving cycles (8 years) if not more. Keep studying bitcoin, study economics, study fiat systems. You'll realize you are on the right path and like many of us like to say : "This is the way!" Remember, don't expect to get rich off bitcoin but you will be saving your purchasing power compared to saving it in worth-less fiat. Good luck on your journey. Stack Sats and Stay Humble.

We're not going to hit a "bottom" any time soon. Stack as much as you can right now.

Always watch the pennies when you buy stuff, think if you need the stuff, try to make savings and buy discount. Use the pennies saved to stack more sats. Make this a lifestyle and you will be well off if not rich. Good luck 👍🏻 🍀

Ive been hodl for 5 years i still stare at charts lol

about to head out but love you coinbase <3 idek how this even gets strung together but i only had coinbase one basic bc im really wanting that card they are offering, but this irks me the wrong way and as i start to DCA more and more its about time i go ahead and switch over to a cold wallet, thoughts on flex vs stax? dont really see the point to shill extra bucks on the stax but i’ll listen to some insight

Don’t buy a wallet off Amazon bro

Buy it from their site directly

Sorry mate, you're doing Bitcoin wrong. Instead of Conbase, have a look at Strike, Swan or River. Instead of ledger, have a look at Jade plus from Blockstrem.

I get about a dozen of these texts a week for the last year. It’s a phishing scam. Your sats are fine. When this bull run is over then cold storage.

Buy a Trezor my friend

note taken all, thank you and will for certain be going to ledgers official website to purchase a cold wallet, i think i have a bad habit of going on amazon just because of fast shipping , fuck you jeff bezos

Buying from the OG site is safer than on a 3rd party site like Amazon, but its not the end of the world doing it. Amazon isnt tapping into every single wallet they get their hands on. They can care less.

Don't use ledger, use Trezor / Cold card / Jade.

Ledger is fine, don’t bother with these folks. Honestly amazon probably is as well if it’s from the Amazon store, I would probably buy from ledger direct. Either way your package can be tampered with by a bad actor though unlikely.

SPOILER ALERT: no

the fuck video is this...and why are children talking about it?

Where would you recommend to buy?

Would you trust a bank with all of your life savings?

I dunno, Let’s hear what these 12 year olds have to say before we make up our minds on this.

this belongs to buttcoin

The Only BTC Price Chart That Matters

Join us! Magic internet money. Started from the bottom, now we are here.

I miss those days.... Recently moderators deleting my high-value posts despite being in this community since 2012.

It’s an older meme sir, but it checks out

I'm here for making money out of nothing 🥰

For Frodo!

Its is 2014

2013 called and wants their meme back.

If Bitcoin is the hardest money available in current times, why isn’t this widely recognized? Seeking intellectual discussion. With a little bit of research, you can come to the conclusion that Bitcoin is the hardest form of money available and if widely adopted, would become a very effective form of money. The question I have is, how is this not more widely recognized? Especially by the larger financial companies and governments? It seems like Bitcoin is largely seen as a speculative investment and not as a store of value and exchangeable currency like it was designed to be

You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged. And many of them are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.

People who don't understand struggle with it not being tangible,

People believe in and trust the government more than they trust themselves / Sad but true.

Half the population think the world is flat and would argue the sky isn’t blue

People are resistant to change “A little research” is really hard for most people It’s a threat to large financial companies and governments in that it removes their power and disrupts how they currently do business and get away with stealing from all of us

Same reason why you don’t buy gum with gold.

It’s either a currency but not a money, or a money but not a currency. Bitcoin hasn’t figured out how to be both.

Hard money?

Sometimes people underestimate the impact of new technology. Some very intelligent people doubted the impact of the Internet. Paul Krugman wrote in 1998, “The growth of the Internet will slow drastically, as the flaw in ‘Metcalfe’s law’—which states that the number of potential connections in a network is proportional to the square of the number of participants—becomes apparent: most people have nothing to say to each other! By 2005 or so, it will become clear that the Internet’s impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machine’s.”

Trad-fin and govs already know btc is the hardest money and they're adopting it as a store of value. But they use fiat to cheat so they have to act sneaky so peasants dosent realize. For them, staking sats its a race they dont want to run but they cant avoid. They all want to be the fastest but in the slowest way.

Because it was adopted by retail first. By the time institutions and governments recognize it then Bitcoin will be $1.5m

The biggest thing holding Bitcoin back is scalability. Due to the on chain block limits we’re stuck as a store of value and not a currency. Lightning and other blockchains help solve this, but I don’t think we have a truly scalable solution in place. The next problem for mass adoption is volatility but that can be solved as the network scales and more adoption takes place.

I think the best legitimate criticism of crypto in its current form is that it is too easy for an average user to mess up. Think about your boomer parents using google chrome and zoom. Now imagine giving them the power to accidentally send their life savings to the wrong qr code while buying groceries. This is a big reason why things like ETFs bring value to the space. The best investment is to hold yourself, if you know how, but being your own bank comes with real risk many aren't technologically equipped to tolerate.

If the internet will revolutionize information exchange, why isn't it used more. If cars are the fastest way to travel, why aren't they used more. If AI will change how we find and use answers, why aren't they used more. All massive innovations grow slowly then suddenly. I'm old enough to remember all the misconceptions of the internet and how people didn't adopt it until it was insanely obvious. My wife was still shopping on the Home Shopping Network in 2008 until I setup an Amazon account (which I now regret.)

Newspapers interview experts in traditional finance and they have never studied bitcoin. Newspapers write and warn people about “crypto” and like to follow only ath:s and crashes. They also think it’s some kind of tech-stock.

Time. Bitcoin has only existed for 16 Years. It being the hardest money available is a really interesting fact to someone who is interested in how money works. But most people are interested only in the fact THAT money works and how to get more of it. And for people who run large companies and governments, fiat works REALLY well in their neighborhood. Asset prices at all time highs? No further questions. As for the lower/middle class who are most impacted by debasement and inflation, the game is too difficult to reflect on the rules. Money is and always will be the paper and coins my momma gave me when I did my chores. I don't think we convert many people to Bitcoin (though I think the post-covid inflation has some people thinking new thoughts). I think Bitcoiners will grow other Bitcoiners by giving them Bitcoin for doing their chores.

Bitcoin is the 6th most valuable asset in the world and most people don’t know what it is. They will eventually and they’ll be angry.

The key thing is that you’re saying it “would” be not “it is.” The more adoption -> the less volatile -> more of a use case for actual finance vs. a store of value. We’re still less than 20 years into this thing, stuff like this doesn’t happen overnight. And by overnight I don’t even necessarily mean years. I mean decades. I don’t really think people can point to it being hard to use anymore either because the lightning network has improved so much and will only continue to do so.

It is difficult to understand. So it is called "scam" "rate poison" and other names because they do not understand how it works. People are reluctant to change It shakes some financial power structure and they will push against. Adoption is a slow process.

Because the majority of the entire world has no clue about it and people usually dont want to change. Just ask 100 people if they have heard more than just bitcoin as a name and 98 will tell you no and 95 that they think its nonsense.

Governments also like the control of creating their own money. They can’t print Bitcoin out of thin air like they can with their own currency. Governments resist it at first because it’s taking away some power from them. But at the same time, as it becomes more popular, it gives them power over time to own it (which is why the idea of a strategic Bitcoin reserve is being kicked around or enacted in many places). Change takes time.

Cognitive dissonance

Because people’s understanding of what money is and should be has been destroyed by the current fiat system. It’ll take time for everyone to realize how awful debt based currencies are.

lol.. "Seeking intellectual discussion.." and you post that Title? More like seeking troll award?

How do you define hard?

Fiat has a long history. People shit talked every new innovation that was produced. Things take a long time to become mainstream.

Fear of losing power. Governments will never want people to wake up and realize that a world with freedom exists. They keep them addicted to the fiat money so they can maintain control.

People thought the earth was the center of the universe for a long time Do you expect people to understand what hard money is?

Because most people don't know what hard/sound money is or why they would need it

People have no idea what money really is in the first place, let alone how bitcoin works.

Because the fiat standard privileges the upper class (the asset holders) …. This class controls everything in our world: media, social media, and education.

Even close friends of mine that ask how much I’ve made (put in vs current value) and have asked me what makes it so valuable etc often say. Yea I’m not getting into that crypto stuff man. Theres a resistance to change, we are the very early adopters still, they’re getting left behind and will continue be complaining about the rich getting richer and poor getting poorer. By choice.. Because they refuse to acquire assets of which make the rich richer. Buy a house to rent out as an asset, I can’t get the loan for that.. But for whatever reason they insist on avoiding the fraction purchase ability of BTC to slowly accumulate over time. Everyone has $10 a week or month even and any amount of BTC is better than nothing. 10 year horizon for BTC will bring massive multiplication to whatever amount in USD you exchange for it now. Love yall!

They also don’t understand the problem:

besides economists, most people dont understand inflation and the way value and currency work. they dont understand how little value dollars have.

People used gold for thousands of years before a fiat system came along. Bitcoin is barely 16 years old. We're very early no matter what anyone says.

You're looking at this like human beings make rational and logical decisions. We are still the same human beings who tried to kill the guy that told us the earth isn't the center of the Universe and in fact, we all rotate around the Sun. Eventually, what will be slowly becomes what is, but in the meantime, the God's must be crazy, and the Orange one is yelling at the big $$ one, which people see as the biggest focus of their financial existence because it's right in front of them as opposed to having to think about the future.

Money is a deeply personal and emotional subject. Most of us spend a large part of our lives thinking and worrying about it. Each of us builds a mental and emotional model to deal with it. This model is entwined with our identity. So changing our minds on money is really hard to do.

Unlike fiat, it’s opt-in. So either you are willing to learn or you stick your head in the sand and assume the system as we have it makes the most sense.

Its adoption curve is perfectly in line with the adoption of the internet. Give it another 8-10 years.

Two kinds of thought. 1 - People don’t trust it. 2 - People view Bitcoin as an investment instead of a currency. Due to its volatility, it’s rare to see people consider Bitcoin as a something worth trading for goods and services. Even on this sub, people expect Bitcoin to be worth far more than it is now, so why would you give it away for what will soon be pennies on the dollar?

Bitcoin is already being recognised. Look back at each cycle and you will see how much adoption progress has been made.

As of today, BTC scores low in two properties of money. Acceptability: Money must be widely accepted by people for the exchange of goods and services. Stability: its value should be relatively stable over time. It wont gain acceptability until it becomes more stable. This may happen is the asset continues to mature. IMO you can have either huge gains (and drops) or acceptability. I don't think you can have both.

What do you mean by “hard money?” It’s ultimately only being viewed as an investment. I guess some might argue otherwise but the comparison is to every other crypto and stock on the planet, not USD.

You won’t get intellectual discussion on here. The average bitcoiner isn’t very smart. Trust your instincts. It’s all a mirage. That being said, the world has no shortage of not-very-smart people who will continue to pile in for a long time yet as they see if as the only way out of their precarious economic positions. They is still massive upside and money to be made but in the very distant future the music will ultimately stop.

Spend a little time on Reddit. You come to realize that unfortunately most of the population is just lacking any intelligence or intellectual curiosity

Good things take time

Technical viability is not the same as adoption. BTC has solid tech. It lacks real world adoption. That takes time. This is also the same reason that a new contender to BTC will face even more challenges. Being better tech doesn't automatically result in adoption. Adoption is easy for some things. It isn't as easy for others. To fundamentally change what people consider money or a store of value is not simple or quick. And if BTC takes over, it won't be simple or quick to change it from BTC to something else. And keep in mind anytime something gains adoption, other things lose adoption. This means some will have a financial incentive to slow down BTC adoption. Governments may not want BTC to become a primary currency as it could impact their ability to control currency. People with large investments in gold or other stores of value may want these items to retain their place or gain market share. This is no different than many of us. I am invested in BTC, and want BTC to gain value. If I just wanted BTC to be a currency and not an investment, I wouldn't care about its value as long as it is stable. I care about BTCs value because I am invested in it. While I lack the financial wherewithal to influence BTCs price or the price of its competition, the same is not the case for governments and institutional investors. So these entities will sometimes act in their own self interests, which may or may not align with promoting BTC as a currency and/or store of value. BTC has had a solid adoption rate over the years. If this keeps up, it could one day be a de facto world currency and/or a popular option as a store of value. We aren't there yet. If we do get there, those of us invested in BTC will be rewarded with significant gains. But don't forget to take profits along the way. Nothing is guaranteed.

'Seeking intellectual discussion. ' you are in the wrong place dude.

Not recognized by large financial companies and governments? There are ETFs, 401Ks, and governments are building strategic bitcoin reserves. No one does any research on Bitcoin, so they understand nothing about it.

I’ve had people tell me that they don’t trust any money they can’t physically touch. Even now when it’s six figures they’re still skeptics

Most people can’t even define money at all if you ask them to.

Short answer, its less than 20 years old.

There's a video from inside a burger King in the early 90s. It's a news station interviewing people about the new debit cards instead of cash. Every customer in line had a negative opinion on the debit cards. When they switched to chips. Everyone, myself included had a negative opinion on the chips. Tap to pay. Most people won't use it. People fucking hate change. Give it time.

Bitcoin will show you how stupid people are

…and you can buy some with toilet paper!

It’s a new asset class (in the timeline of economic history). So therefore it takes time to build confidence. By the time the world is sufficiently confident, you lose out on the main gains

Because, for governments, soft money has its advantages on a macroeconomic scale, and for people, they're used to looking at their own currency and they don't view it in terms of hourly value fluctuation. Picture it this way, imagine you go into a grocery store and walk by the eggs. You see that they're $3. You don't need eggs so you walk on by. 30 minutes later, your spouse calls and says, "Oh we actually do need eggs." You head back and they're now $4. That would scare most people. They're used to prices not fluctuating second to second. If bitcoin were the main currency and they couldn't compare it to the dollar it wouldn't scare them. But that's not the reality. They don't like the idea of their finances lessening in value by simply existing.

As someone who just got into crypto (I know, I\`m late), I quite literally thought it was a scam. I thought all of crypto was a scam, mainly due to the "finance bro" atmosphere and constantly seeing rug after rug happen to idiots that threw their entire life savings into memecoins. I know now that bitcoin is of course entirely different, but consumer sentiment overall coming from someone who was just outside of this circle a few months ago, was that crypto was simply *not real* and wasn't by any means safe to use. As someone else mentioned here, it not having a "reverse button" after a transaction is complete and being able to lose everything without the ability to get it back or an entity ensuring that you will get it back is definitely a challenge for widespread adoption. If I get scammed at my bank, I usually can recoup my funds. If I get scammed in crypto, someone is living large with my whole $10 net worth. Hahaha no but seriously, good luck getting it back.

Could have something to do with every government and media outlet demonizing it for the last 15 years 🤔

Same reason men are in women’s sports - narratives are controlled despite how silly they are

in just 16 years its become one of the top 10 assets in the world despite many "world authorities" dismissing it

I agree with most of this sentiment; the problem is the volatility. It's hard to use as a means of exchange when tomorrow it might be worth 10% more or 10% less. As they say, "Bitcoin has no top because fiat has no bottom." While it's designed to be a store of value, and it is indeed a store of value in the long term, I don't think we will see it as a means of exchange until A) We reach a tipping point, and everyone and their grandmother can use Bitcoin without having to ask their grandchildren for help. (This is a generational issue that will be solved over time. Once my children grow up knowing nothing other than Bitcoin, like I will teach them, it will be widely accepted. There will be no other way) B) We need to reach price stability, not price discovery. I genuinely believe that Bitcoin could reach a value of $1 million at some point in the future. So why would I want to give any away?

Education level, fixated mindset, age, risk appetite, net worth amount, technophobic level. Just wait, there will be nobody and then everybody.

I honestly don’t think it is a good medium of exchange anymore. I view it as digital gold which is much more secure. Anybody buying things in bitcoin right now is foolish, but I fully grasp why it needed to happen back in the day.

It’s in the name. Hard money is hard to understand. Thats why it’s hard…

The effort required to understand it tbh

"It's too risky!!" Conflating volatility with risk and not understanding opportunity cost, and being ignorant about the monetary system. Its obvious once you see it, but being able to see the system as a whole and how bitcoin and fiat and value interact is not something that comes easy to a lot of people.

Because it never existed before until recently

It may be the hardest money in theory but it is still too volatile to be use as mainstream currency and it isn’t really being used the same as cash or credit for everyday transactions. Once the volatility settles and it can be used regularly for everyday transactions then I’m sure everyone will prefer using it instead of being charged banking/card fees.

No one knows what money is.. Next time you’re at a party or gathering and it’s already not going well (because this won’t help) start asking people if they know the difference between money and currency. Most will not at least in my experience. If someone knows what the difference is, ask them what they think of Bitcoin. A few will own it but not understand it, most will say it’s a scam and some won’t have any clue. Maybe one will smile and tell you that Bitcoin is the best money humans have ever had access to. **I myself “understood” Bitcoin as well for many years, but I also didn’t understand money, fiat, SHA256, or history. So I didn’t actually understand Bitcoin.**

In my opinion it’s not hard until it survives post halvings, which none of us will be alive for. It’s speculative because we have to speculate whether a fee market will emerge and reliability support the network in perpetuity

Most people still believe that Fiat is backed by gold. I had a hard time trying to tell people that’s not the case anymore - and they supposedly have “studied economics”; “you need to get some basic lessons in economics” is what i was told. That should tell you a lot.

You won't find any conflicting opinions in this sub. Plus, you started off with an assumption that only bitcoiners consider normal. Economies don't real care about the hardest theoretical currency. They care about something against which value can be pegged against. Btc is way too volatile right now to be a useful currency. I don't want the price of milk to change every hour, that doesn't work for a business. Nor do i want to wait 10 mins to complete a transaction. Yes, lightning solves that, but it is a centralised system that goes against the original tenets of btc.

It takes some digging, time, technical expertise, to really see how secure and scarce it is. When you see it, you cannot unsee it... but that's a high hill for many to climb. So slowly everyone will eventually see it, until a critical point where the masses follow because a certain threshold of understanding translates into "it just is"... Truth is 95% or more of people have no clue how money actually works, and don't seem to want to. But they trust others and time and this conventional wisdom that's baked into the masses. It's just a matter of time till that moment it flips. I'm guessing we have another 5-15 years. But lots can speed it up... guess we'll see.

Because Bitcoin sits at the intersection of what people dont understand about money, and what they dont understand about computers. There is a decent self education level required to be able to accurately perceive its value proposition. Its basically a commodity backed by condensed energy. But people cant see this because they dont understand how BTC is created.

lol maybe you are the one who is wrong?

My mom tonight literally said she only wants to do $5 a week because she doesnt wanna get scammed or lose it all.. we are still early. Still need to sign her up with a btc wallet and store

How exactly is it "hard" money, I can't even touch it.

its recognized more and more every day. its a process. theres 8 billion people alive.

It is? It’s a multi trillion dollar spendable asset. And it more widely recognized than it is given credit for, hence it is undervalued af. You’ll get it, if you think deep enough

People don‘t like completely new things

The majority of working class people don’t even realise that fiat currency isn’t even backed by anything. And then when you show them what’s happened to the value of the currency since coming off the gold standard they just shrug their shoulders and carry on with whatever they were doing.

Even if it’s the hardest money in the world, it won’t be priced as such if a majority of the people don’t understand that it’s the hardest money in the world.

Bitcoin was created out of thin air by man. The network effect has many times run its coarse in history. I’m not a hater, I own it but nothing that can be made out of thin air is hard money.

Posts on here casting doubt over BTC feel and read like a psyop. Get outta here feds.

Most people do not understand the principles behind fiat. Bitcoin is another level.

I’m gonna get a lot of hate on this here but it’s because gold exists. If gold wasn’t available anymore then governments would move to bitcoin.

(I had to split this wall of text up) If by "adopted as money" you mean "used as the primary medium of exchange", there are a lot of factors against BTC right now. Short term, you have (at least) two chicken-and-the-egg problems: TECH & VOLATILITY. Long term, there's the need for BTC to be the CURRENCY OF ACCOUNT. THE TECH: \* The current blockchain is completely inadequate to replace even a small fraction of the transactions that make up the dollar economy. For example, the transaction load on something as puny as the Discover Card are still way beyond what the blockchain can support. \* Everything is ultimately solvable, so it's not like it couldn't do this, but someone has to make the effort, then they have to convince the powers-that-be to switch over from the existing system to the new system. Who moves first? \* It's hard enough to get even a billion-dollar company off the ground; getting the existing payment infrastructure (even for a single subnetwork, like Discover) is a massive undertaking, and what's the win for the parties taking the risk? They have decades of infrastructure and expertise invested in the current system.

It took a very long time for the internet and smartphones to catch on. Now our grandparents don’t stop posting on Facebook on their smartphones

People are largely uneducated about inflation. They think it is because of politicians and don’t look any deeper. They complain “everything is so expensive” but the thought stops there. When the dots are connected they buy bitcoin. Many won’t ever connect the dots.

It’s not that it’s not recognized, it clearly is. its the volitility that keeps people away.

Pretty simple. Because when I pay my mortgage, taxes, utility bills, insurance, car registration, gas, groceries and pretty much every essential item in my life, I can’t use Bitcoin.

I would argue that it’s very widely recognized. We’ve only been mainstream for less than 10 years …so.

Why don't most people seek the truth? Good question.

Because it’s relatively inefficient, slow and expensive.

I disagree that it’s “the” hardest form of money as there are other crypto options that provide identical use so we can agree it’s one of the hardest forms of money if we are discussing no inflation due to supply cap

It's much more simple than 99% of Bitcoiners make it out to be. It's all about M2 money supply. Bitcoin is cyclical like any other asset. Follow the money

There's so many conspiracies and things in this world, why the hell would the average guy inform himself about bitcoin, when u tell him to. They talk about so many things, why should they get the idea to research especially bitcoin by themselves.

Unpopular opinion, but here it goes: Bitcoin does not inherently have any value. It is worth only as much as people are willing to pay for it. It is a form of currency nonetheless. Like anything can be, but compared to something like gold, which if was worth less than sand, due to it being the best conductor ever, it never loses its use. Now, for Bitcoin, if we ever reach the point where the hashing algorithm becomes easy and the integrity of the blockchain is compromised, it is not useful for anything else. That's why some people are hesitant to invest or use at all.

What the hell is this All I wanted to do was help my friend purchase something from another website that needed a HASH ID or TX Id. I called customer support and they said that they’d email me with more info, and a couple of minutes later I get that. Did I just lose everything? Trying to keep it cool but there is a hefty amount in there that I wouldn’t want to lose

"All I wanted to do was help my friend purchase something from another website" There's likely your problem, they have rules they have to follow and that sounds like trying to circumvent the reasons they told you they closed the account. Edit: They told you they will reach out.

Not your keys not your coins.

In the future transfer your bitcoin to a wallet off the exchange you bought it from or use an app like Exodus for this type of transaction.

Calm and read your funds will be returned. Make a wallet and get ready. Hopefully all goes well. Have a positive mind set and you’ll have positive outcomes. Be persistent with emails and maybe Evan contact a lawyer for advice. An email from a lawyer always speeds up processes.

lol your dumbass withdrew directly from River to the shady pharma address and you needed the transaction ID as reference for your order? Did I get it right? Learn to use a wallet.

More like a creek

I don’t really know anything about this website but, if it’s like most of them, you don’t actually hold any of the BTC you have. That’s why hear everyone on this sub talking about self custody and withdrawing all your BTC off exchanges. So when you call them and ask for a hash ID, it’s probably setting off their scam systems; hence, why your account got boned. The site your friend is buying from is probably one that directly sends BTC to your own wallet vs holding it for you.

River did the same to me after I had bought btc and put money into their high yield savings account. 21 days and my funds were still unable to withdraw. They've since closed the account and are issuing a refund.

We can’t help you

Bought my first btc on my limited edition gameboy

Around 2000$ There exists just 21 and they are sold.

Very jealous! I really want one of these. Let us know how the game is!

What the F👀 where did you buy that?

OP, explain please. The questions asked.

What in the holy fuck is this?! 🔥🔥🔥

What does it do exactly? And is there btc on this device?

huh? dont get the title

How you gonna post this sht and just refuse to elaborate

Pretty cool! Looks like something you’d see over on r/CryptoCollectibles 👀

Woah…I’m intrigued

Where and how much?

Give us the link?

Woah what is that thing!?

wait so this still exit I think it must be vintage

that's not a gameboy

Will physical cash really disappear within the next 20 years? There’s a heated debate on r/Futurology right now about whether physical cash will completely disappear within the next two decades. Some argue the transition is happening faster than most people realize: in many countries, digital transactions already dominate daily life, and younger generations hardly ever touch paper money. The tipping point could come with the rollout of central bank digital currencies (CBDCs), which would make cash obsolete almost overnight. On the other hand, a lot of people push back and say cash will always be essential as a safeguard. What happens if digital infrastructure is hit by a major cyberattack or system outage? In that scenario, physical money still provides resilience and independence from centralized systems. So what do you think? Is a fully cashless future inevitable, or will cash survive as a critical backup for freedom and security?

Physical cash will never completely disappear because people collect it but it's unlikely it will be used for transactions

Physical cash won't disappear anytime soon only due to nefarious reasons. Cash isn't easy to trace and can be laundered.

Think about it this way: if physical cash didn't exist and somebody proposed it, do you think governments would be on board? It's expensive to create (relative to numbers on a screen), difficult to trace, and can be used to facilitate small-scale tax evasion. It's grandfathered in now, but I don't reckon they're stoked about it.

Probably not...but credit cards have certainly pushed it that way.

Cash is still needed for people who don't have access to online banking

If we can all switch to using Chaumian e-cash (look up the 'cashu') to transfer bitcoin privately to each other, then there is no need to keep physical notes and coins any more

Cash will be used if people believe in it and agree to use it. I think we don't need cash. In a bitcoin world you do not need anything else!

I think 20 years is conservative. It's happening fast. I'm guilty of it. I almost never have physical cash on me. And we should worry. If it gets replaced with digital USD, and not something like Chaumian ecash, then we are sleepwalking into an unprecedented dystopian nightmare.

You need to define “completely disappear” more clearly. As some here have pointed out they won’t complete disappear in 20 years. Iirc it takes about twice as long for the average bill to deteriorate, and plastic bills CAD can last even longer. Your question should probably be “will people still use cash as a medium of exchange in 20 years?” I basically only pay my friends with cash otherwise I just keep a bit in my wallet “just in case”. I’ve been mostly cashless since Apple Pay went mainstream with vendors.

Money itself will disappear completely at some point so yes, cash too.

Just look at China. Not only does it not have cash, it doesn't even have credit cards. While America is still struggling with checks, cash isn't going to go out of style anytime soon.

I've already abandoned cash, with the exception of very specific and unique situations that happened to have come ip

I bet I haven’t used cash half a dozen times since Covid.

What about the strippers and the homeless?

Completely non issue….just go to a developing country and ask that silly question. Of course cash will always be king. So sick of people acting like it’s a possibility to have digital assets only

Highly doubtful physical cash ever disappears. People have collected physical currency items for centuries, even if it’s just for their historical value and will continue to do so. You can see in a digital age with crypto, some people still desire a physical item, hence some of the examples you see of the physical bitcoin pieces over on r/CryptoCollectibles

Here physical cash is practically gone already. It still exists, but most people never use it, and most stores except for grocery stores do not accept cash at all, not even the flea markets. Instead we use different electronic means of payment (credit/eebit cards, and national direct payment options).

Most payments are done by QR code for me. Not need cash most times. I think it will be gone, cards gone also, all digital payment from app phone wallet connected to bank and crypto. But just my thoughts.)

Any recs for the best crypto exchanges with no KYC? Most of the big platforms are getting super aggressive about forcing KYC, and honestly, I’m getting pretty tired of it. Lately, every time I want to quickly test out a new strategy or explore a new asset, I get hit with the same routine: “Upload your passport,” “Take a selfie,” “Prove your address.” It really sucks all the spontaneity and fun out of the experience. Especially when I want to make a quick trade... I get that there are regulatory pressures, but for smaller trades or basic experimentation, it seems excessive. I’ve been looking into alternatives and was wondering if anyone here has solid recommendations for no-KYC exchanges. I know there are a bunch of DEXs popping up, some with really slick interfaces, but I'm curious what’s actually working well for people right now in terms of speed, reliability, and liquidity. Bonus points if the platform also offers some level of privacy or anonymity. Are there any hidden gems out there that you’ve had good luck with? Ideally, I’m looking for something that doesn’t feel sketchy but still respects the user’s right to stay private. Would love to hear what the community is using and if anything has really stood out lately.

PhysicalLodging, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Exchanges Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Hyperliquid has been good for me. No hoops, just connect your wallet and you’re set.

BTC/ETH ratio analysis, ETH could lead the way short-term BTC has been losing to ETH since May, but the BTC/ETH chart is about to retest on a long-term support line. This is where BTC should start taking the lead over ETH. The BTC/ETH ratio is around 24.5 ETH per BTC. Key trendline from mid-2022 still intact ETH seems like it will continue outperforming Bitcoin in the short run. Watch out for the 22 ETH per BTC level, it might act as support and there could be a reversal if this support holds. Short-term optimism seems more robust for ETH here, since the top of BTC/ETH in April 2025 (56ETH per BTC). The support for ETH is 4350-4300, if this support does not hold it will go under 4000$ BTC is in a secondary downtrend and trades in a channel between 109.5 and 107.5. An upside move needs 109.5k to break up, for a target of 113k On the downside , if 107k is taken out, the down move could go as low as 100k. Do you think ETH will continue gaining momentum again versus BTC or is this the start of Altseason? This is not an investment advice, DYOR.

alt-co, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Thanks for the much needed daily booster shot of hopium.

I’d say long term

Who makes this shit up?

Never in my life have I ever seen and Xs and Os chart

All roads lead to ETH! ^(!tip 1)

The BTC/ETH rivalry is pointless when Solana has already stolen retail’s attention.

ETH/BTC Monthly MACD Flashes Buy Signal for the 2nd Time in History – Last Time ETH Outperformed BTC by +300% in 395 Days. Are We Entering a New Cycle of Ethereum Dominance? Just crossed with this Catalina Castro Tweet is an indicator that tell us the strength and direction of a trend. In this case, when it flashes on a monthly chart, it is not an average signal. According to the data, the last time this happened with Ethereum vs Bitcoin was years ago and the outcome as you can imagine was wild. **ETH outperformed BTC by over +300% in just 395 days.** This metric can be seen as a strong confirmation that Ethereum could be entering a new phase of outperformance against Bitcoin exactly when the market is looking for the next big winner of the cycle. Furthermore, cut rates are coming and Ethereum adoption keeps increasing in crazy levels, however I believe that this coming rally is not going to be the end rally. I think the cycles have been extended and that something different will happen this time in a delayed way. However, act according to your own goals and if your goals are reached, dont hesitate on taking some profits because your plans says so. **What do you think is happening next?** Source: * Tweet: [

kirtash93, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

If I had more funds to buy I would be buying right now. !tip 1

This clearly shows that ETH is back on its feet, and it’s breaking boundaries. but guess what, >!this is just the beginning!< !tip 1

This month has been tipped to be accumulation month while upward movement begins in October, it's left to be seen what the market will choose to do. This has been a very strange bull run year 😞 !tip 1

Slowly added a bit to the ETH wallet myself! !tip 1

Thy Flippening Cometh

Most analysis might not be accurate, but the true winner will always take risks, I still diamond hand

This bull market has about 1-3 more months to go then bear will start most probably. So selling eth is the most important task in this period of time in the near future. Then, chill and start reentering to the market around december of 2026.

Is this why the OG BTC holders are rotating into ETH?

Just a reasonable question; then can you explain why ETH us down almost 1% today atm when I'm typing this and BTC is up 1%.

Catalina is a scammer, I know her. Don't believe anything she says.

If history plays out again, a +690% move could be in sight. Let's go! ^(!tip 1)

It could be something yeah. Especially with the outperformance in one year. Normally September is calmer and something tells me October will be an accumulation month which is good for us long-term holders. I believe ETH has a lot to give this year still!! ^(!tip 1)

Retail exits while whales rotate into ETH. Before we get to today's topic here is some context behind the author of the tweet we are going to talk about: Ignas DeFi is the co-founder of Pink Brains, a DeFi Creator Studio, and a well-known crypto blogger. A few days ago Ignas shared some data showing a big division in ETH's ownership. Smaller holders (those that hold between 100 to 1,000 ETH) are selling while the whales (those with between 10,000 to 100,000 ETH) are accumulating. If you look at data you can see that even with billions in ETF inflows and institutional buying, the price did not move much. The good part is that history suggests this is bullish. In previous cycles when supply changed from retail to stronger hands, big rallies followed. Recently we have seen long-time BTC holders, that are also whales, rotating into ETH.. billions!!! BTC veterans are moving into Ethereum as it secures its role in tokenized assets and stablecoins. [Image from the tweet.]( Looking at this chart, it shows the division clearly. Retail balances are trending down while whale holdings are pumping. For Ignas this is not a bearish sign, it is consolidation. With supply tightening in the hands of long-term holders ETH may be setting up for its next big move, much like it did before the 2021 bull run. *Source:* [*

MasterpieceLoud4931, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I keep wondering why people are still selling to these whales at this point, can't they see the brighter side of what's coming soon 🤔 Can't they pause for a minute and think up the reason why the whales are accumulating massively. Regret abounds. !tip 1

Crypto rewards patience - And no one knows this game better than the whales. ^(!tip 1)

Smart money is acting accordingly. 🍩 !tip 1

It’s an interesting bifurcation of strategies. The small % of retail that is participating maybe be a little wiser to market fluctuations and macro factors and have less ability to absorb losses and smaller timelines for investing. It has run up quite a bit in q3 and taking profits is normal whereas institutions can sit on unrealized gains for their spreadsheets and have more capital to deploy in poorer macro conditions. Who know, maybe us retail are tired of holding the bag. But I doubt it.

It makes sense to the whales to accumulate more at these prices. We have been crab walking for almost a week witnessing the delta of the chart you attached. For me, I have been holding since 2016, and never sold, and won’t sell. Ethereum is truly too important to let go or give up on.

Retail has inflation kicking retails ass irl. If you need food and rent while owning ETH you sell.

The whales knows what they don’t know, and only diamond hands can survive the market !tip 1

Wonder what the whales plan on doing with the ETH. Long term hold or short term/quick trades..... !tip 1

Now is a good time to sell a small portion if you need the money but hold on to the majority because it’s going to the moon!

Imo if you don't believe in ETH you deserve to get rekt. Just a few months ago it was under $2K and the comments were full of "ETH is dead". Then it ran past $4K and the same people fomo'd back in, only to get dumped on by whales. That's the cycle every time. The difference is whales have conviction and they play long-term. I'd rather sit tight, let my ETH earn in the meantime, and wait for the breakout than try to time in and out like retail.

I'm not selling my ETH or my Optimism OP Stack. This is the way.

Are you in the same position with ETH ?

CymandeTV, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Striving hard to turn that risk to big reward. !tip 1

No risk no reward !tip 1

Just go yolo no regrets !tip 1

Also me: I’m standing rock solid on top of the mountain… !tip 1

[Automod] Meme

The Curve is my SL strategy.

If everything goes as planned "Where my yacht at, bitch!" 🤞🏻

For me: ETH is not risky anymore 🫠 ^(!tip 1)

Risk is my second name. 🍩 !tip 1

Winners are always in climbing obstacles, no risk no rich

I want to derisk but greed keeps me tied

No pain no gain. We were born to take risks.

EthTrader Contest] Overview of Donut Holders - August recap [Here is the previous recap for reference 1. How many total DONUT holders will be on Ethereum Mainnet? 2. How many total DONUT holders will be on Arbitrum Network? 3. How many total DONUT transactions will have been recorded on Arbiscan? 500 DONUT/CONTRIB will be awarded to the closest guess to each question. In the event of a tie, the prize will be split. Entries will close Wednesday 3rd August UTC+0. ^(This post is related to) ^(ETIP - 88)

DBRiMatt, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: EthTrader Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

View in your timezone: [30th September, 11:59pm UTC+0][0] [0]:

1. ⁠5,802 2. ⁠1,900 3. ⁠19900 !tip 1

5900 on mainnet 1950 on arbitrum 20500 transaction !tip 1

5786 1924 20421 !tip 1

• 5790 • 1905 • 19865 !tip 1

* 5788 * 1930 * 20400 🍩 !tip 1

5790 1900 19600 !tip 1

5786 1909 20150 ^(!tip 1)

. 5630 .1810 .21009 !tip 1

Trader Benjamin Cowen Warns It’s Matter of Time Before Ethereum ‘Comes Home To Roost’ – Here’s His Timeline - The Daily Hodl

feelmeorfreeme, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Before it comes home to roost? What does that even mean? Has Eth gone somewhere?

Terrible article. Like what's the actual $ support level. Not just the ratio.

How often has this guy been correct? I honestly don’t follow him but he says a lot of shit.

Aren’t we all just hoping?

I watched the video about 12 hours ago. He expects in September ETH to head to 3K and money to roll into BTC even as it also drops because it will drop less than ETH.

He cut the head and observed where the roost landed.

This means we rich right? 🍩 !tip 1

I don't know who is Benjamin, why he predict like that on Article hmm

ethereum just hit a year-high 1.8m transactions while bitcoin whales are rage-quitting. the flippening narrative is getting real. tl;dr: ethereum hitting yearly transaction highs with 30% of supply staked while bitcoin whales dump $2.7b. institutional staking coming. dominance shifting. flippening vibes intensifying august was absolutely wild for eth, and the data is painting a picture that bitcoin maxis don't want to see. ethereum network is on fire transactions on ethereum hit a one-year high on august 5th - 1.8 million transactions in a single day. meanwhile, nearly 30% of eth's entire supply is now staked and locked up. that's 36 million eth that's basically off the market. here's what this means: people aren't just holding eth, they're committing to it long-term. staking requires locking up your tokens, which signals serious conviction in ethereum's future. The sec just gave us a massive gift the sec dropped guidance defining liquid staking, and the market is reading this as a green light for eth etfs with staking rewards. imagine institutional money not just buying eth, but earning staking rewards on top of it. this could be the catalyst that finally breaks bitcoin dominance. speaking of bitcoin dominance... btc dominance dropped from 60% to 57% in august while a single whale selling $2.7 billion worth of bitcoin caused a flash crash that liquidated $500 million in leveraged positions. think about that. one whale dumping caused chaos in bitcoin markets while ethereum is hitting transaction records and building institutional infrastructure. the psychology shift is happening qcp capital said it perfectly: "if ether etfs with staking get approval, it could feed the narrative that eth will outperform soon." we're seeing the early signs: institutional staking infrastructure being built transaction volume at yearly highs 30% of supply locked in staking regulatory clarity improving bitcoin whales getting shaky institutional money is choosing sides while bitcoin treasury companies are still buying (strategy grabbed 3,511 btc, metaplanet got 1,859 btc), the real story is what's happening to ethereum's supply. bitcoin has infinite sellers. ethereum is systematically removing supply from circulation through staking. the numbers don't lie ethereum processes 1.8m transactions at peak vs bitcoin's ~300k daily average. eth has 30% of supply staked vs bitcoin's ~0%. ethereum is building the infrastructure for institutional staking while bitcoin whales are panic selling billions. meanwhile bitcoin dominance is sliding and eth etfs with staking could be coming soon. my take: this is the setup everyone's been waiting for we're watching ethereum build the foundation for institutional adoption while bitcoin deals with whale dumps and regulatory uncertainty around mining. the narrative is shifting from "digital gold" to "productive digital asset." ethereum pays yield, processes real economic activity, and is building the rails for web3. bitcoin is starting to look like expensive digital rock while ethereum is becoming digital oil - powering an entire economy. the flippening isn't some meme anymore when 30% of eth supply is staked, transaction volume hits yearly highs, and institutional staking infrastructure is being built, while bitcoin whales are dumping billions... maybe it's time to admit that ethereum is winning the institutional adoption race. what do you think? are we seeing the early stages of the flippening, or is this just another temporary shift in market dynamics? .

hodorrny, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Let’s just get to 0.05 BTC/ETH first lol

I never understood the ETH BTC dynamic where some investors talk about them like it's their favourite sports team.

Put your phone down boss

Flippening schmippening. I've been in eth since 2017 and we get this every pump cycle. We didn't even break .05 on the ratio yet. A lot of money coming across is simply because of the big perceived upside in what has been a buoyant crypto market. Right now I'm primarily concerned that BTC can't hold its 110k floor and might keep bleeding and drag the whole market back down with it. At which point all the Eth bets move back to BTC before they're down and the ratio collapsed again

the flippening narrative is tiring and should’ve been left in 2017. Both BTC and ETH can coexist and do well without being in this never ending dick measuring contest of which asset has the highest market cap. who cares?

brother go touch grass

Delusional to think this means the flippening is going to happen

Bitcoin maxis calling ETH a ‘centralized staking scam’ while institutions line up to earn yield is like Blockbuster laughing at Netflix for mailing DVDs.

I wonder if breaking past 0.1 btc/eth is back on the menu after this cycle. I think the time to btc/eth = 1is still decades away if it ever happens, but a strong trend reversal would be a nice start and a market cap equalization in a few years would certainly cement that trend as a new reality. !tip 1

Bitcoin starting to look like Netscape when Google came along.

You need to relax & get a chill pill mate as I'd like to put it

Number of transaction doesnt equal higher intrinsic value of a coin

HUGE * if true

Maybe we will actually be able to get $5k

I've heard about the flippening the last 3 cycles already.

As long as ratiogang doesn’t back your story there is no flippening.

ethereum is going to the moon and beyond the galaxy this cycle whether people like it or not

Whales are not rage quitting. Let's be concrete, the flippening is a dream

I still keep on eye , cmon ETH hit $5k first on end September

If bitcoin is going down then eth is also going down. That's why you don't have to antagonize bitcoin. Ethereum needs bitcoin.

It is really hot in the room right? 🍩 !tip 1

eth looks really strong rn but not sure if btc will stay down for long could be wild months ahead

BTC will reach a million before ETH tho. BTC is at all time high and it makes sense to switch to something else because BTC can drop 50% to 70% before creating a new all time high

Who makes the rules for ETH,-who controls ETH?

It's just that no one really pays attention to the long-term signals, and more focused on the short-term dips, like BTC is going to crawl back into a bear market (OR dumping BTC for ETH because there's a significantly higher upper limit, than BTC skimming the top of the current cycle)? There's more functionality through Ethereum than there is with BTC, it's just common sense, and eventually everyone is going to figure it out sooner or later. The market is still in the accumulation/speculation/meme phase, everyone is assuming the usual suspects are going to be the biggest returns, but there is more focus on the **here/now-what's-available** than the future of what is possible? I'd much rather be the guy that just sold a small investment for a 1000x return in 10 years than the guy that made 2-3x what they paid at the next possible boom? People really aren't thinking about it. The institutions are. The ROI is extremely high. Not to mention complex fee structures factored in. If you understand how limited (regulatory framework) the cryptocurrency market is, the potential for Ethereum to grow, factoring in inflation, the amount of potential for inflows, active adoption used globally, digitally, and once everything starts connecting together, the current total market cap will grow exponentially.

I love me some ETH, but this post reeks of hopium!

BTC will outperform ETH next two months as BTC dominance recovers.

this happens every cycle when cultists start maxi-ing out and go on this movement of christening some incoming flippening. just like last time, when btc tops out and crashes, and takes every coin down with it, you’ll be smelling all the blood around here. the cycles are simple. btc, then eth, and then the altcoins. and then, short bitcoin.

Get real. Eth is great, but the narrative for it is a hard sell. All we are seeing at the moment is the usual transition towards alt season that heralds the impending top. Once btc falls, eth will fall twice as hard as always. The flippening is delusional dream world.

Everything Bitcoin can do, Ethereum does, plus a whole lot more credit to [@nextalphaa]( on X

0xMarcAurel, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

This AI image proves it

This is some dumbass shit

Bitcoin is first, but crypto is fifth? This doesn't make sense... 😅

Reading this makes you stupid

Except be finite

And here we see the true application of generative AI slop - crypto shilling.

Fiat should be under the board. It’s a guaranteed loss. The other assets at least have a chance to gain buying power.

Brother please don’t post such garbage on this subReddit. Posts like these is what caused subReddits like r/buttcoin to make fun of and troll r/bitcoin relentlessly. Due to such hardcore trolling, majority of the world still don’t take bitcoin seriously. Ethereum is not the chessboard for gold, stocks, real estate and fiat. What are you talking about? Even if it tries, it will take decades and you better hope that an anti-crypto presidency doesn’t take over, because if it does, Ethereum and crypto will be discarded from the financial system. What we are experiencing right now is Trump presidency trying to make crypto important for their own nefarious plans. You should be focusing on making an exit plan. Sell at the right time and take your FIAT money. From what I know, democrats never supported crypto and SEC was against crypto. If democrats are elected again, say good bye to your crypto wealth.

Dream: The underlying public chain Reality: Same as other alt, crash even harder when btc goes down

There is no debt on the board. Thats the point of this whole game.

Who values a bishop that much over a rook

Except for the original distribution and not having a named leader

So are all this just a game, so why do everyone consider it seriously? That's all because of the future expectations of a better future, whether that expectation becomes real .. Eth will Great Again

ETH needs to be finite supply or purposefully deflationary.

Why do people feel the need to compare unlike things to bitcoin? The greatest asset the world has ever seen. Eth will pump 14 billion percent in 16 years? Very unlikely anything will ever match that growth ever again. Well Eth is only 10 years old. Ok Bitcoin still pumped 900x more in its first 10 years than eth did. Eth is and Will probably always be the greatest at what it does but it’s no bitcoin. This is apples to oranges.

Only way it can be.

Bitcoin rules. Ethereum builds.

Ethereum is more than a payment method hehe not like other coins/tokens yeeeehawwww

I don't understand this subreddit I think the picture is great and I also have the same conception of ethereum. Just like chess is a shared language with a defined set of rules where players can make interactions with each other, ethereum is also a protocol where economic players can make interactions but on things that are much more important. Level 1 cryptos in general Bitcoin Solana and Ethereum for example, are all essentially different types of chess boards, but for money and not for games. Which is pretty amazing to think about.

Rook is the most valuable piece after queen and king. whoever did this is a fucking moron

I'm sorry, but that is absolutely the worst, most non-sensical metaphor I have ever had the displeasure of reading.

You spelled Stonks wrong

Fiat about to fall off the board. Wait, fiat doesn’t need Ethereum. This metaphor sucks.

The king is useless in chess and needs all the other pieces to constantly move around to protect it while it does nothing.....so this is actually quite accurate but just not in the way intended lol

Real estate is number 1

Gold is the Queen? Really?

There is no second ₿est.

Ethereum cannot incentivize society to save and plan for the long term. And that is why it will never overtake Bitcoin.

I have used a horse to checkmate the King. Real estate is the best option to get rich faster.

I love this metaphor! Do you mind if I steal it and do a hand-drawn comic of it?

What metrics are you using to pit BTC against Gold? Can’t be the previous 4 year cycle. Can’t be market cap. Can’t be use case, as you just used gold to make this asinine post.

especially price dumping

I would disagree that Ethereum has no proof of work mathematical scarcity. Only 21Million BTC, how many ETH ?

Whenever someone puts crypto seperate from eth and btc. I tell them they have no clue what they are saying

You're right, Ethereum is so good that can be as inflationary as fiat, that's one of the things bitcoin cannot do.

Bitcoin is the public king. Ethereum is the king in the shadows, the one that truly rules. !tip 1

I just got a position in the eth space, proud to be in

Shouldn't crypto be the board??

Only if you want govs maintaining control over your assets. BTC doesn’t do that.

Real estate higher up

Stablecoin Supply on Ethereum Hits $167.6B - From a Simple Trading Tool to the Backbone of On Chain Finance. Are you ready to enjoy the crypto future? Just crossed with this Leo Lanza [Tweet ]( about a new Stablecoin supply record on Ethereum. As you can see in the image above, the supply of stablecoins on Ethereum has just reached **$167.6 billion**. A massive number that shows us how much this sector has grown and how deeply is tied into the crypto ecosystem. To put things into perspective, not so long time ago stablecoins were seen as "just" a convenient way to cash out or avoid volatility between trades. This has changed really fast and today they have become the backbone of on chain finance. The good thing is that our beloved and amazing Ethereum has become the dominant smart contract platform and as it is expected it absorbs most of this action. Stablecoins like USDT, USDC, DAI are fueling exchanges, DeFi protocols, lending markets, DAOs, etc. A supply this big is no joke, it shows that stablecoins are not a niche tool, it is becoming mainstream in Web3. Stablecoins are here to stay and Ethereum is winning the race on this too. This is just the beginning of a new Era that has changed from "Crypto is going to be banned in 2021" to "We need to embrace it because we will be left behind on the crypto space race". Are you ready to enjoy the crypto future? Sources: * Tweet: [ * Data: [

kirtash93, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Stables Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I always wonder why the tether fud has slowed down. There was a time everybody questioned the backing of these stable coins. Did they do a trustworthy audit and prove of backing in the mean time, which I missed? !tip 1

We going for 1T 🥳 !tip 1

That’s great, more is yet to come !tip 1

Didn’t tether mint another $1b USDT 3 days ago? I’m not sure if that’s a good thing the way they keep printing out of thin air !tip 1

This shows how far the industry has evolved and it'll continue to gain momentum. Feel lucky to join crypto! ^(!tip 1)

The prediction dotted line is funny. !tip 1

Ethereum is going to be at the forefront of the crypto revolution. !tip 1

The most dominant smart contract platform. !tip 1

Welcome to the future

DAI is an underrated shoutout as a stablecoin, I wish there were more trading pairs with DAI. !tip 1

Just keep stacking everyone! !tip 1

I hope the EU doesn't keep getting stable coins banned. So many we can't trade anymore. !tip 1

I'm ready to enjoy crypto's past, present & future all hehe IYKYK

A lot of projects are listing on ethereum chain like world Liberty finance empowering defi. If ethereum hits and all time high this year I'm sure that we will see pump in this. Wlfi just getting listed on bitget.

Lubin on Ethereum- "..it is not possible to be bullish enough..."

ImDoubleB, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Hopium today but potentially real tomorrow, that's truly what I love the most about crypto, it turns the impossible into reality.

I can't disagree with him, $15k is coming 🍩 !tip 1

My plan is to hold ETH & use it whenever I want to participate in a smart contract. Nothing more, nothing less. If I need it for a payment, it is just as (actually more) transferable than fiat.

!gif !tip 1

Ethereum end game HOw u see ethereum end game? i see it as ultimate worlds network that hosts all the worlds currencys on chain . SO every country will have its own coin that will be used like todays fiat. they will be able to have their own monetary policy and be tradable with other currencys just like today. ofc they will also be tradable with eth so if u want u can keep your money in eth and only swap for your currency once u have the need. just like today in poor countrys and developing countrys where people choose to hold their savings in USD or EUR, peoplle will be able to hold their savings in eth and know thats its inflation is capped no matter is it 0.5% or 1% atm. now this is just the core but i also see everything that is tradable now to be on chain . why not issue your bonds or stocks on the network? sell it instantly, available to the whole world with 0 fees. u dont need no middle man for borrowing your money directly to the company this will be a game changer and eth will transform the worlds finance in ways many cant imagine.

centralbankerscum, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Little brother grows up and beats up older brother after years of abuse.

I’m pretty sure Ethereum is the most coin ever to be needed

That’s what i do now. Keep 100% of my money in eth. Swap for stable when i need money

ETH's end game is global settlement. Not just currencies, but everything with value: bonds, stocks, real estate, even identity. Think about it: every financial rail we use today is outdated middlemen skimming fees. ETH removes that. The base layer becomes money + collateral + infrastructure in one. That's why the smart money doesn't "trade" ETH. They accumulate it, borrow against it instead of selling, because they see ETH as the backbone of a new financial system.

If this was the case one ETH would be worth 4.7million dollars.

It isn’t just about money. The Etherium network (and associated L2s) can host every book, every song, every video game, every picture, every stock, all of social media, every medical record, and every prescription. If it’s a digital thing and needs to be; censorship resistant, tamper resistant, shared broadly, secure, and or scarce then it maybe goes it lives chain.

All this and don’t forget about AI agents transacting in ways we are still learning on how ETH and blockchain can be used. We’re just at the beginning of something much bigger.

HODLer forever is my game

I think ETH is more necessary than BTC in our bags. 🍩 !tip 1

Eth is here to stay !tip 1

Endgame is that instead of the dollar as the reserve settlement layer of the world, Ethereum or some other crypto is the reserve settlement layer. Then all countries and societies play by the same economic ruleset.

Why would any currency want to move from where it is now? Works fine as is, no?

10 trillion stablecoins

Ethereum is becoming a corporate tool. Andy 'Ayyyeandy', host of a crypto podcast called The Rollup, posted a tweet saying that once Tom Lee's treasury company reaches $10 billion in ETH holdings it can start issuing convertible notes to buy even more. That strategy would be similar to strategies for large corporations with deep balance sheets, so this is showing us how Ethereum is becoming part of mainstream financial playbooks. Image from Andy's tweet.. A very important fact to keep in mind is institutions are doing weekly purchases of 0.5-1% of the total ETH supply. That is stronger buy pressure than BTC is getting right now so we can see how institutions are choosing ETH as the asset to accumulate. The chart above tracks this increase, gains of hundreds of thousands of ETH added week by week. With a market cap of $7.9 billion and $775 million in cash available Bitmine is just one example of how aggressive ETH accumulation is getting. Andy predicts that we are not just holding ETH but using it to unlock corporate financing. That is a very different kind of adoption, one that could reshape Ethereum's role in global markets. Resources: * [ * [

It's only a matter of time before ethereum will be on everyone's face and it will definitely make a huge difference in our financial space. !tip 1

One day EEE! But it’s not just a meme, it’s likely the future! Ethereum has so much potential and is actively progressing, growing, expanding. !tip 1

Can someone explain how is it becoming tool if all they do is holding? No transfers, smart contracts etc

Let me tell you what this means in the language of my people. Money go brrrr 💸

Great to see that Ethereum is the future quote is becoming real 🍩 !tip 1

This is why Cathy wood loaded up on bitminer shares last week.

Soon everyone will use eth !tip 1

Eventually prices will stabilize, buy and sell pressure will become less volatile. Staking to secure the network that a lot of organizations use for stable coins will be one of the moneymakers - and just look at the treasuries loading up on their ETH this year. !tip 1

What’s the relationship between bitminer and eth tokens from a price standpoint?

I don't know enough to say this is bad, but knowing all the stuff I know about the markets history, this will just end badly. thanks.

You really think they won't dump it on us ? I have a bad felling about it... !tip 1

Ethereum Foundation’s near-term UX priority is interoperability

Extension-Survey3014, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Its time to bring Ethereum to everyone 🍩 !tip 1

Ethereum always striving hard for perfection, reason it's the best ecosystem. !tip 1

Another proof that they listen to the community. A lot of people on Twitter said interoperability should be a top priority, we need fast cross-chain interaction to bring L2's closer because otherwise the ecosystem is fragmented. ^(!tip 1)

Smart thinking! Improving interoperability makes it more appealing to new users. ^(!tip 1)

Reading the whole thing, it sounds like a lot going on tech wise. Looking forward to new changes! !tip 1

Base climbs to 3rd place in NFT trading with $47.67M traded over the last 30 days.

Odd-Radio-8500, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: NFT Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

NFTs are back baby

Base is literally unstoppable !tip 1

I thought NFTs were dead, Bullish on base🔥 !tip 1

Polygon and ethereum are the only one above so it is okay ! !tip 1

Thats a huge increase. Maybe RCA artists now that Reddit shut it down should contact Base. I am sure they will like the move. 🍩 !tip 1

So huge increase, i guess there Will more increase until end year !tip 1

NFTs are still alive !tip 1

Base keeps proving it will be pulling lots of surprises in few years to come. !tip 1

The best part is that the top 10 is made up of chains that leverage Ethereum's infrastructure!! ^(!tip 1)

Base is my favourite l2 its so fast and cheap to use it makes sense to mint nfts there instesd of the other chains !tip 1

Base, Arbitrum.... whatever, as long as it's being done on Ethereum, I don't mind... xD !tip 1

[AutoMod] Image/Video

Ethereum to $12,000 by year-end? Tom Lee’s bold crypto forecast sparks investor frenzy

Savi321, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

let it break past $5k first. Theres strong resistance around $4800; for Ethereum, $5k seems close, yet so far at the same time.

$11999 seems more realistic /S

Is the frenzy in the room right now?

Make it Tom! I’ll be equally happy even if the ETH price doubles from this point. Let's go! ^(!tip 1)

Shit can barely hold $4300

If it does do that . It would be the answer to all my problems

Great position for right now just add more eth to the bag and keep hodL until up $12k in end of year, i believe for it someday ethereum Will hit $20k also keep dyor

I hope it does. Cathy wood's ark just went in on bitminer shares. That stock is directly related to eth so she's betting on it too. Alot of big money is pouring in.

Of course he’s gonna shill ETH. Isn’t he and his peeps trying to be the MSTR of ETH?

12k by year end no doubt. Daddy needs a million bucks. Let me have this hopium.

$15K without no doubt (Sell at $12k) 👀 🍩 !tip 1

Bmnr is down like a mofo 😱

Let me ask this straight - who the hell is tom lee???

If Ethereum goes to 12k then how high can the ETH Layer 2's go, such as Optimism network or Arbitrum.

they will not let eth go up yet, they are still accumulating, tom lee already has 1.8mnl of eth, he can move the market, dump to buy on the cheap. he wants 6mnl in total

Have we already hit the cycle peak? It's usually close when we start hearing ridiculous numbers

Tom Lee and BMNR mNAV. He isn't raising more funds any time soon at close to 1-1.1 mNAV. He is shilling like a KOL on Twitter to get others to buy. With the most rudimentary TA I've ever seen.

Tom Lee’s job is to make sparks

Going to 0

Narrator: It did not, in fact, spark investor frenzy.

$18,000 by the end of the world

Investor frenzy? Is this a joke?

Have you heard the good news?

I’m starting to get the feeling that we reached the top again..

Tom Lee's prediction is for click bait news outlets. I lost count of his idiotic predictions. Serious investors will never bother to read anything more than headlines of his predictions.

Tom Lee boasted about small cap almost a year back. Don’t follow him.

Confident that it'll increase in price, but not 12k EOY

I'd love for that to happen but when this dude ever been right about his predictions?

$7500 is more realistic for this cycle.

Basically 1T market cap? Where is all that money coming from?

Since that post I haven't seen this "frenzy" at all...

Let's hope at least 5k

You lost me at Tom Lee

I saw this and thought. Welp, down we go…sell the hype

Not happening

Fuck Tom Lee

$4k first. Then $10k. I firmly believe we're going back to around $4k (within September) before we get to hit $5-10k (October-November). The altcoin market has been frothy since the "whale rotation" narrative began in early August, and I think it's more technically sound to expect at least one final sub-$4300 buying opportunity (mostly for DATS and HNWIs, but also for us since we didn't take the "it's so over" bait). Technicals: Fib retracement from 2021 local top to "final" bottom around $1300 in April of this year. Might just be intuition, but I think we're going to bounce off of the 0.786 fib level before we reach the 1-2 fib zone. I’ve been pretty open in the last year or so that I think information warfare was used to obscure ETH’s role in DeFi specifically to prop up SOL and XRP. Frankly, I think SOL’s fundamentals are actually quite good, but comparing it to ETH at this point in time (or saying it’s the “ETH killer”) is, imho, a pretty egregious read. No comment on XRP. None of the above was an accident or coincidence. Crypto markets are famously elastic due to the concentration of insider holdings, and can easily be manipulated to directly serve the interests of those insiders. Anyone in this space should be aware of that and internalize it - I gather most of us here made peace with that fact long ago. But the biggest question my observations pushed me to ask, after years spent in the ETH space, was this: “Do the big players have plans for ETH that are not yet known to the public? Is there a context in which they already view ETH which makes it advantageous to suppress the price for just long enough to keep the public flying blind?” Thoughts?

Fancy-Lavishness9034, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I think we reach 5k before 10k 🧠

Sub 4k would be a blessing at the moment. I could buy so much more. Regardless anything under 5k is an immediate buy for me. After 5k I’m just gonna watch with a smile.

The fact we're hopping around in this tight range right now is very bullish, a retracement to sub 4k doesn't seem that plausible right now but not impossible. I personally think we will continue to hop around in this range before we retest the ath, it won't go straight through 5k for sure but once it has cleared £5200 we will be off.

I think it’s gonna pump if there’s a rate cut but if we don’t get a rate cut we probably going in to bear season

Bru $ETH gonna bounce from $5k to $6k just like It bounced from $$4k to $5k. Just chill n buy the blood.

A little off topic, is it more interesting to dca btc or eth from September?

All the more reasons to buy more I guess

1.5k to 4.9k in 4 months. That volatility can surpass 10k any time. If we can push the narrative for longer. 10k and retirement is inevitable.

Heck yes it’s a matter of when

Where is science guy, when we need him. #2016

i bet it will hit a number the bounce to a different number.

$9,500 Ethereum end of December 2025 ! Buy here !! Great value !! BMNR!

I feel like everyone is eyeing on $4k... wouldn't be surprising if we don't see $4k

Dream come true for sure, yah i believe ethereum Will first hit $5k and next end of year $10k, and the future Will hit $20k, just load more to the bag and keep hodL diamond hand

I think we go back down to $4769 and then go to $20,581 by 2027 and then down again and then up.

And then $15k. It is inevitable. 🍩 !tip 1

>$4k first. Then $10k. Then, it will set the stage for a run toward $25k in the next cycle. ^(!tip 1)

First 5k then 10k haha !tip 1

What do you think about the 5b in the unlock queue? I am bulish, but not that bulish on the short term

I'm sure your $150 on Coinbase will be good man. Don't worry about it.

What insiders, you ask, when there's $50 billion a day in trading volume and mad leverage? Conspiracy of who ? Whales don't need to control the whole ocean. They just need to know where the next current is going so they can push a few dominoes and trigger a cascade of liquidations for profit (or not). But yeah no, 4k before 10k theory when we havent even reached 5k doesnt ring any bell. Nobody knows shit, you might be right or wrong and we should not care.

Can you please stop with this 💩 hype

Solana is apple . One software . Eth is ibm. Layers of l2 to make up for the lack of development. Which causes security issues. The centralized eth does not break down because of lack of volume. I have sold software. Solana will win at the end. Staking flexibility . Growing amount of developers. They are going to solana. Good luck

Ethereum's 'iPhone moment' and why it is entering a supercycle. Leo Lanza is a YouTuber, crypto investor and Ethereum community member and he often makes videos talking about Ethereum. Yesterday he posted a video on Twitter and in that video Leo calls this Ethereum's 'iPhone moment.' The United States government is now publishing economic data on-chain using Chainlink, through the Bureau of Economic Analysis. That means that key indicators are being pushed directly to Ethereum and the L2's. The goal is to get more transparency and less financial black boxes. At the same time Ethereum's stablecoin growth is pulling away from the L1 competitors. Solana's market cap for stablecoins is crabbing at $11 billion, while Ethereum's keeps growing. Clearly the growth of Ethereum's competitors is capped, that difference shows how strong Ethereum's effects became. Leo also says that new L1 blockchains will not last as true competitors. Instead they will likely pivot to Ethereum L2's, joining an infrastructure that already works. It is a lot easier to build on Ethereum than to fight against it. Put all of this together and you see why Leo calls this a supercycle. Institutions are on Ethereum, liquidity is coming back, RWA's and trillions in stablecoins are moving on-chain. This cycle will not be like the last ones!! *Source:

Is the supercycle here in the room? You dont need a hype piece. You need the fed to cut rates to pump it up.

No no no no no... We are at about early AOL levels of adoption right now. The iPhone came out in 2007. At that time, 85% of Americans owned a cell phone and used it everyday. In 1995, about 16 million Americans had internet access at either home, work, or school, 14% of the population. Right now, only 14% of Americans own crypto. We are at the 'AOL is starting to get popular' phase of crypto currency technology. And, that tracks. The internet became commercially avaialbe in 1989, and began to really pick up steam in 1995. Coin base became available in 2012, and began to really pick up steam during the 2017/2018 bull run. By the year 2000, the number of Americans using the internet had nearly doubled to 44%. In 2018, monthly transacting users on CB peaked at just under 3m, and for about the past two years, that number has hovered between 6m and 8m. It lines up really nice. Crypto is in the early stages of the commercial internet. Starting to get popular, catching on, but hasn't quite taken off yet. If we want to follow the iPhone path, we'll need the number of people that own crypto to triple in the next 6 years or so. Something I think is realistic. But, I don't think it's realistic to say we are at the iPhone stage yet.

Ethereum will carve out its own legacy. #EEE ^(!tip 1)

Eth's rise to the top from Q4 will be so loud that it will leave many people in shock. !tip 1

Top is close. Heard a lot about a supercycle last cycle. $12k was "locked in". Be careful bois, don't get caught bag holding.

This time will be different

people love hearing themselves talk in this sub

Ethereum is the future

I wish I had a dime for every well thought out, detailed, rosy, ETH scenario. I don’t understand why they’re always wrong.

I am ready for that super cycle. I have been waiting for 5 years xD 🍩 !tip 1

Was there plans to make a ethereum phone at some time ? !tip 1

Yeah but....this cycle is about over based on prior BTC halving cycles. September/October time frame is about 18 months post halving which would be the longest peak time after halving compared to past cycles. For all we know we already peaked. Best case scenario we peak in next couple months. Super cycle narrative was floated by everyone in 2021 too.

Eth is the future !tip 1

Ethereum is seeing major institutional adoption, with U.S. economic data now published on-chain via Chainlink, boosting transparency. Stablecoin growth on Ethereum continues to outpace competitors, while many new L1s are shifting toward becoming Ethereum L2s. Combined with growing real-world asset (RWA) integration and rising liquidity, this creates strong conditions for a potential "supercycle" beyond past market patterns.

We peaked! Guys every time we hear a supercycle it’s after the peak. See you next 4 years

Ethereums brick moment and why it is entering a bear market.

That's why people don't call ETH a altcoin anymore. !tip 1

ethdevnews weekly #4 | Fusaka mainnet upgrade potentially in December, US GDP onchain, r/Ethereum AMAs with builders

abcoathup, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Macroeconomics Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

These weekly articles are underrated, we should support this more!! ^(!tip 1)

> Staking marketshare: Lido 24.3% Any week now, this is going to be less than 24% !tip 1 !pow

Nice article to get in touch with what’s really going on. ^(!tip 1)

Love this kind of posts 🍩 !tip 1

Thsnks for sharing !tip 1

AMA on r/EthTrader with WhiteMaze (AKA MoonAndroid), creator of the Crypto Mechas Series NFTs and RWAs collection **Who is WhiteMaze / MoonAndroid?** A simple artist and freelancer for 10+ years, who got into crypto and decided to make NFTs inspired by Pokemon cards, bringing the digital and physical worlds together. As someone who remembers the joy of collecting trading cards growing up, he created the Crypto Mechas. A growing NFT collection made up of animated cards and physical crafted cards, based around mechanical robots. The **Crypto Mechas Series** collection is a growing set of NFTs with new ones added over time. The collections are inspired by other well known trading card games and tabletop games. All NFTs are **60 FPS** full-motion video, hand-crafted and animated. **NO AI** is used in the creation of these NFTs. **Physical Cards:** Only Legendary, Mythic and Omega rarities include a physical card. Lower rarities (Common, Uncommon, Rare) are digital only. When purchasing a Legendary, Mythic, or Omega NFTs, name and address is required to receive the corresponding physical cards. **Q- What blockchain and type are these NFTs?** **A.** These NFTs are ERC-1155 on the ETH chain. **Q- Do I have to pay shipping if I buy a Legendary, Mythic or Omega card/NFT?** **A.** If you buy 3 physical cards or more, shipping is free, otherwise a small shipping fee will be requested depending costs to your location. **Collection:** [ **Website:** [ **X:** [ (It is important to note, that these NFTs and cards are collectibles only. There should be no expectation of profit or gains when purchasing them) **Drop** **your questions in the comments below** at any time, and u/WhiteMaze will try to answer as many as he can!

Crypto Mechas have burned 22866 DONUT to run this AMA. [ Welcome u/Whitemaze to r/EthTrader thank you for being here!

I am kinda sad there is no game behind it. Is it planned? I assume a web3 app were you can play with your nft cards would be huge for sales and adoption.

I want to thank the mods for the help in setting up the AMA. But yeah any questions, drop them in and ill reply asap 🫡

Hey Whitemaze, this is a really cool project and the collectible cards look really well done. * How long did it take to create some of these NFT's and Physical cards? * Do you have any vision or roadmap to, not only grow the Crypto Mecha collectible series, but expand into other art series? * As another user had mentioned about a game, and given Pokemon's trading cards - have you thought about making a playable card game like Pokemon or Magic the Gathering type of game with your own style and rules?

Welcome, thanks for the AMA. The physical cards look top-notch!! My question is any plans to make these cards playable like Magic: The Gathering?? ^(!tip 1)

A couple of additional questions; What lead you to creating these NFT's on Ethereum Mainnet? Ahead of other alternate blockchains like Polygon or Solana? Often NFT's in general have some negative sentiment, what have been some of the hurdles you have faced while trying to grow your brand?

How did you go from being a freelancer/artist to creating NFTs like Crypto Mechas that mix digital and physical cards? Love the cards btw, they look amazing.

Bro those look sick how many of them have you sold so far and what are the price ranges ? !tip 1

Ty for the burn 🔥 !tip 1

Thanks for the AMA! Will Crypto Mechas remain as collectibles, or do you have plans to evolve them into playable AR/VR experiences where players can interact with them❓️In case, if it’s already part of your plan then how long will it take to launch❓️ ^(!tip 1)

They look amazing! I'd love some utility like a secret club or a game. Keep up the good work!

This is undoubtedly one of the most interesting projects we’ve seen on this sub, congrats! It reminds me of Pokemon cards. I could see this becoming one of the rare NFT projects with actual utility. How do you plan to scale it? Do you envision building a full game around it, both online and IRL? And is this a one man operation? If so, how do you plan to take the next step to grow, assuming that’s what you’re aiming for?

Ethereum has reached its highest monthly on-chain volume since May 2021.

Odd-Radio-8500, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Will be very interesting to see what the volume will look like in Q4 months. !tip 1

just keep hodling

That’s great, I just can’t wait to see what ETH has for us next !tip 1

How can people see this and not be bullish?? Gas fees staying low thanks to EIP-1559 and L2's is amazing. Let's see more volume!! ^(!tip 1)

so how're the gas fees still so low?

Look at those big spikes in 2017 and 2021..... Which month will have the 2025 big spike? ;) !tip 1

Much higher volume since it went proof of stake this is why i think we will get new high prices soon !tip 1

Ethereum keeps breaking records 🍩 !tip 1

Let’s hit ATH hehe

[AutoMod] Image/Video Source:

I don't know if I should like it or not. !tip 1

But the chart goes down !tip 1

ETH didn’t pump. It pulsed.

it's not a bullrun without bitcoin eth fees going through the roof.

EthTrader Contest] Round 153 Summary Round 153 Contest and Community Events Summary - The showcase event was Ethereum's 10 Year Birthday! We also saw a couple of AMA events in where some users who provided insight, helpful feedback or inspired questions were awarded DONUT. Additionally, some users provided some highly detailed informative responses on some posts, and this resulted in the 'Helpful Responder' bonus! Congratulations to the winners - the image below shows the breakdown of rewards earned with a 1:1 ratio of DONUT/CONTRIB Contest rewards will be processed and distributed in a separate transaction to the Round 153 User Distribution ^(This post is related to) [^(ETIP - 88)

>Ethereum 10 years birthday Nice gift of 🍩🍩! You are doing an amazing job to manage all this. Ty ^(!tip 1)

I got more than I expected! !tip 1 !pow

One of my favorite posts of the round !! 2k donuts :D Didn't we also have a prediction game? I can't find it on the list. How many users in the csv, how many donuts burned etc. !pow !tip 1

Thanks for putting on the contests. They really help with engagement.

So what are donuts are they eth?

I got more than in the distro 😂 !tip 1

I see myself on second in minigames !tip 1

Thanks bro i did better then expected haha !tip 1

I can't believe it's been a decade already! It doesn't seem like such a distance with BTC anymore. The infancy stage is definitely behind us now.

How do I sign up to get my donuts

Average Crypto Guy

Where are you guys finding crocs for $10???

I have the left part,just need the right part to be a real one now

So you guys are trading with millions and I'm the only one trying to turn $100 into 10k?

Is it really necessary to spend money on Crocs❓️😆 ^(!tip 1)

Why do cross have those holes? .... so you dignity can leak out as you wear them.

Haha bro the crocs match lambo colour sign of a true degen !tip 1

Yes haha !tip 1

Hell nah... who pays 10$ for crocks??? 2$ max

Apt 😆 They equally have stunning babes. !tip 1

The crocs is always necessary Lol !tip 1

Nice to see the profitable EthTrader has a little 190k car just for doing the Ramen top-up drive with! !tip 1

Why do I want two cars and to watch someone else's account? Have bigger dreams.

OP may be onto something with that DONUT shirt. Wen DONUTs merch?? >.> ^(!tip 1)

Well I don't have crocs. !tip 1

sorry but the average reddit crypto bro joined 3 weeks ago and has $250 worth of xrp in their account

Wen lambo? !tip 1

Drip: $25. Net worth: generational.

Haha I guess people are going to think I’m a crypto guy

Source: [ Edits: u/kirtash93

US Trading App Webull Launches Crypto Service in Australia to Challenge Incumbents - Decrypt

SigiNwanne, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: ETH Trading Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Competition is always good for the users. ^(!tip 1)

Except fees are very high xD. ^(!tip 1)

I don't know this company. !tip 1

First time I hear about this company 🍩 !tip 1

Haven’t heard about that before !tip 1

Interesting

Haven’t tried webull before

US regulator opens pathway for Americans to trade on offshore crypto exchanges

Extension-Survey3014, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Regulation Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Play by the rules or don't play at all. I bet only the solid CEXs will jump on this. !tip 1

They need clear rules first. !tip 1

It’s positive news to see the government opening doors rather than shutting them. ^(!tip 1)

Offshore crypto exchanges needs to open door for Americans as well

Better to play by the rules 🍩 !tip 1

DONUT distribution data for round 153 (final CSV) **You can view the final CSV for round 153 here: Alternatively, you can also view the distribution information on the [Donut Dashboard]( Please note that the Dashboard does not contain as much detail as the .csv file on GitHub. If anyone would like to verify its integrity, the checksum of this distribution is . All data is publicly available. No private or internal database calls have been made. All datasets are retrieved from public APIs and the output of u/donut-bot. Every column contributing to the total points is included in the file. --- ## Ratios * Comment ratio: **215.43452** * Post ratio: **553.22326** * Pay2post ratio: **250** --- ##Columns * **round burn:** The amount of undistributed DONUT, which will be burned * **points:** Total DONUT to receive * **contrib:** Total CONTRIB to receive * **comment_score:** The amount of points received from comments * **post_score:** The amount of points received from posts * **offchain_tips:** The result of off-chain tipping activity. A negative number indicates a user sent more tips than they received * **funded:** The amount of DONUT funded to the account to be used for tipping. Learn about account funding here * **voting:** Voting bonus * **pay2post:** Pay2post deduction * **eligible_comments:** Indicates if a user is eligible to earn DONUT on their comments during this round * **eligible_posts:** Indicates if a user is eligible to earn DONUT on their posts during this round * **eligibility_reason:** The reason why the user is ineligible. It's blank for eligible users * **[NEW] multiplier:** The user's multiplier. If , the user will receive the entirety of their distribution score * **address:** The user's registered address --- ## r/EthTrader Special Memberships To read the notes for Season VII, see [this post]( [Buy your special membership here]( --- ## DONUT monthly report To read the latest developments and updates on DONUT, [see this post]( --- ## Latest ETIPs * [ETIP - 127 Add "Crypto Market" Devvit App to the Subreddit]( - **Rejected**

0xMarcAurel, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: EthTrader Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Whoo Hooo...Thanks again everyone for my very first DONUT. So...I checked my Metamask wallet nothing yet. I have DONUTs listed on Eth, Arb, Gnosis...does it take a day or so more to show up? And I think it shows up on Arb? Anything Im forgetting to do? Im waiting w milk...funny I swapped for 10,000 of them...but this 1 is most important, I earned it from you! Been busy with some projects, however I bought/swapped for some DONUTs on my own and holding, but hope to contribute more worthy stuff to the community. Happy to be here. Really see Eth as future...Bitcoin will become a Picasso, but Eth and with help of some projects, some of its Alt coins...its the workable future. It the affordable investment.

Wow. ETH making ATH's and the same round EthTrader sees the highest post/comment ratios and donut burned! !tip 1

Good reminder that I was inactive this month

Are y’all ready for the bakers dozen?! Can’t wait for this round. Always look forward to it.

fresh donuts are cooking !tip 5

My voting is listed as 0 but i did vote in governance poll

Donuts 3591.1817 | Contrib 4749.0043 Is this because I tipped a lot??

Holy moly what is this post ratio. Is that the highest ever? !tip 1

I love the smell of cooked DONUT in the morning !gif 🍩 !tip 1

Ratios are flying ^(!tip 1)

How much karma do you have to have to get on chain distributions?

422k DONUTs burned lol insane. ^(!tip 1)

Looks like I'm rarely active this month, and thanks for Donut chocolate

Thanks bro i did better then expected !tip 1

How do donuts work

Thank You ☆

Lovely data thanks for sharing mate

Google Chain May Push Adoption, But It Won't Be Neutral - The World's Real Trust Layer Is Ethereum As you probably know, yesterday Rich Widmann, head of strategy at Google confirmed that Google is working on building their own L1 blockchain. Then crossed with this Tweet and he will probably right because the cost of building own blockchains for institutions increases the costs a lot. It will happen like AWS stuff, etc. most of companies use it to build stuff but it wont be as amazing as he says. For example, Russia won't use Circle chain, countries from the other side wont ever settle its financial backbone on a US company's private network and I bet EU wont too. China, EU, etc. wont use Google chain handing over sovereignty to a foreign tech giant. This is when Ethereum jumps in, it is different. No one can censor Ethereum. It is one of the blockchain with the level of decentralization strong enough for the entire planet to rely on. Of course, it is not perfect but it is neutral enough. A lot of governments and corporations are going to jump into Ethereum to have a place there. If the world needs a global trust layer, it wont be JPMorgan's chain, Google chain, Meta's chain or CBDC network. It will be Ethereum because it is the only one that actually belongs to everyone. # 🅵🆄🆃🆄🆁🅴 🅸🆂 🅴🆃🅷🅴🆁🅴🆄🅼 Source: * Rich Widmann LinkedIn: [ * Tweet: [

A google blockchain would be very centralised lol I wish they build a layer2 on eth for googlechain 😊 !tip 1

In what world is Google neutral?

ETH is indeed the real trust of everyone

They will come to eth eventually Eth is the future! !tip 1

Ethereum is the standard of what a proper blockchain should be, anything different is a NO NO. !tip 1

It could be good for adoption.. maybe?? But Ethereum's decentralized trust layer is still unmatched. 10 years of battle-tested infrastructure versus a corporate chain. Competition may be fierce but Ethereum has been around for a long time and it is only getting better. ^(!tip 1)

Ethereum is synonymous with trust. !gif ^(!tip 1)

Ether is the foundation for building anything !tip 1

Everyone is now looking up to ETH 🚀 !tip 1

They've been testing it for years under the codename Sheets

Heh, imagine NFT's of google playstore and games. More micro-transactions on the blockchain. Get bored of a game, potentially re-sell it to another buyer. Let's see how this all plays out! !tip 1

Best Momentum eth x google, Believe in the process

I’m not sure most people care about decentralization when there is an opportunity to make money !tip 1

Eth’s future is bright!

Google ran a block producer for EOS back in the day. Lol

Etherum has a head start at least. Google is already a giant though.

Google will never be neutral. Like us with donuts. !tip 1

Google chain would be as neutral as justice and government demands. If someone stole your funds don't worry, would be frozen instantly, a nazi group is investing?, frozen. Everything you see as bad people will see it as good. Non regulated Blockchain will always be a niche market.

I hold a lot of ETH. I’m concerned. And you should all be concerned. That it’s easy to spin up a layer 1, and the competition for settlement will be absolutely fierce.

If ETH reaches ATH, 4,6B in shorts are liquidated

CymandeTV, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: ETH Trading Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Everyone is expecting a Red september. What if green! !gif !tip 1

You're leveraged either way.

Leverage is not a game for me !tip 1

Cant wait to see how it happens and post this gif. !gif 🍩 !tip 1

It's been a volatile week, shorts got rekt, then longs... now let's liquidate shorts again. In the meantime I'll enjoy the additional network volume for liquidity and staking rewards on my various positions! xD !tip 1

Me sitting here with my 0.3 ETH

[Automod] Image/Video

Cook the shorts!

What happened? It’s going down past resistance

10k is on the way

What does that mean then?

Crypto Industry Unites Against Senate Bill Over Protections for Software Devs - Decrypt

SigiNwanne, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Politics Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Ethereum and its developers need legal shields. Most of what is on Ethereum is neutral infrastructure just like roads. We need something to prevent cases like the Tornado Cash case. Or they can do nothing and innovation escapes from the US. ^(!tip 1)

Protect the devs !tip 1

It's encouraging to see the industry defending devs rights. ^(!tip 1)

That’s a bold step, it’s high them they stand their ground and defend what is right !tip 1

*Protect the thieves committing fraud.

This makes me really angry as a software engineer I am. its time to protect devs 🍩 !tip 1

Jan Van Eck refers to Ethereum as the “Wall Street token.”

Oh, it is happening. After institutions have accumulated a good chunk of ETH, the media is now providing some exposure! Welcome back retailers! !tip 1 !pow

So eth 10k end of September? !tip 1

Ethereum rightly getting the attention it deserves. The future of finance for a reason. !tip 1

It’s so good how people are now seeing the through potential ETH has !tip 1

They are going to start fomoing like degens 🍩 !tip 1

Wohoo.. to the moon 😀

The Wall Street token lol I don’t know if that’s good or bad branding 🤣 !tip 1

On Fox too wow. Not sure if this is a sell signal or very bullish. ^(!tip 1)

On fox the propaganda network. In too European for this.

Sounds manipulatable. Nothing's new in fiat, or stakeholder's rules.

Echo chamber much. When the big boys come in you loose any control and they decide if price goes up or down. No longer a people token imo.

7500 when!!

Oh how the tables have turned...

Old new blackrock has been on it since last year

They are like 10 years behind... Buy SOL and SUI before they learn what that is

Ethereum: Best Days to Buy & Sell (Based on Data) I ran my **best trade day algorithm** on Ethereum historical prices (since 2015). Best Day to Buy: Friday (green): (\~0.6%) - ETH is usually 0.6% above the trend -> better for buying. Best Day to Sell: Wednesday (red): (\~0.9%) - ETH is usually 0.9% above the trend -> better for selling. The **% values in the chart** show the **average price deviation from the short-term trend (SMA)** for each weekday. \* it doesn't calculate negative (yet) because ETH has been up a lot since 2015. \*\*\*How the algorithm works: 1. Find the short term trend: \- calculates a Simple Moving Average (SMA) over a set window (e.g., 7 days) 2. Measure deviation from the trend: \- For each day, it compares the actual price to the SMA to find how far above or below it is. 3. Group by weekday: \- groups those daily deviations by weekday (Mon, Tue, …) 4. Average the results: \- find the average deviation for each weekday. For me, running this analysis made Ethereum weekly rhythm really clear. It is fascinating to see data confirm patterns I'd noticed casually like how Fridays often felt calmer and Wednesdays more volatile.Not financial advice, just what the data says.

hduynam99, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Side Chains/Layer 2's Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I love this! It's been a long time since I've seen anyone produce and share this type of insight. I feel like I haven't seen one of these since 2021, and from memory the sentiment was similar, the best DCA buy day (On average) was Friday, followed by Sunday - with the worst DCA buy days being Monday/Wednesday. !tip 100 !pow

What’s a couple thousand dollars among friends when we going to 5 figures?

I'm curious how this also looks broken down to 15 munute intervals for every day.

Valuable insights ^(!tip 1) !pow

Interesting So I should sett a buying order every Friday !tip 1

If you do a dca once a month, what day of the month is best do buy? Eg: like 11th each month or what day?

Which timezone are you using?

Friday dumps are always the best to buy xD 🍩 !tip 1

I used to do my dca on Sunday I should switch to Friday lol thanks for sharing 😊 !tip 1

This is great and a fun experiment. I’ve been in since 16, can say it’s like raising kids, the hours and days go by slow and the weeks and months go by fast. As of late, I’d almost go opposite and sell into the weekend but wtf knows

How reliable is this because I might change my DCA accordingly xD. ^(!tip 1)

I think you might have this backwards.

whales bought $456m worth of eth while large holders trim bitcoin positions whale activity this week is showing a clear trend toward ethereum. arkham data flagged nine whale addresses that acquired \$456 million worth of eth from bitgo and galaxy digital. this looks less like random accumulation and more like strategic repositioning. a nansen analyst described it as natural rotation, with investors taking bitcoin profits and moving into assets with greater upside potential. the scale of these flows is significant. willy woo noted that daily inflows into eth have reached 0.9 billion dollars, approaching the current rate of bitcoin inflows. this acceleration aligns with bitmine’s recent push to expand its eth treasury. on the altcoin side, nansen’s smart money tracker shows allocations into chainlink, ethena, and lido dao. the chainlink purchases are noteworthy given bitwise’s new filing for a chainlink etf, but the size of those positions is small compared to what is moving into eth. the rotation is not just limited to trading firms. one whale who sold 2.59 billion dollars of bitcoin last week has already reallocated 2.2 billion into spot eth and added a 577 million eth perpetual long on hyperliquid. even dormant wallets from 2021 are reappearing, including one that bought 28 million in eth this week. for me, this does not look like speculative noise. it appears to be steady accumulation by large holders and institutions. the question now is whether eth can consolidate above 4500 and maintain enough momentum to lead the broader market higher. positions: holding eth from 3800 and monitoring dips for potential adds Source :

Fill your bags while ETH is still cheap. There's nothing but bullish news here !tip 1

Institutions & whales are sure are flocking to ETH for sure .

And they will keep fomoing 🍩 !tip 1

Ethereum‘s best month ever puts $7K ETH price within reach

Wonderful_Bad6531, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

7k is achieveable this year but first we will hit 5k i think this week 🚀 !tip 1

Clam down let’s hit $5k first my goodness

ETH didn’t have a good month. It had a legendary one.

Arguably not the best month ever

7k feels like weak upside for the downside risk

I’m in no rush

See y’all back at 1600.

Patience, $15k is cooking 🍩 !tip 1

If momentum builds, it’s definitely possible. ^(!tip 1)

A realistic prediction?! Cointelgraph, fire that man! But, if the trend continues, a strong Nov/Dec does seem like it's on the cards here. !tip 1

That's just sad. Even 10k is bearish.

Worst fucking Diagramm I've ever seen in an article... Comparing the jump from 0,25 to 0,65 pennies with 2.35k to 10.0k... Can't be more mentally ill

It will jump past 5k quickly as btc did with 20k back in 2020.

We are not even over the old ATH, we need 5k otherwise all is bullshit

Whales will play with 5k for a while before they let anyone else even have a chance of reaching 7k

Good job, Tom

Creative_Ad7831, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

She’s holding a phone case without a phone.

Of course.. if he does sell... the market will see one almighty dead-titty-bounce. !tip 1

Lol! I appreciate his effort xD ^(!tip 1)

He’s doing a great job Lol !tip 1

Good one! 😂

Cope harder

Hum.. what is she taking the selfie with?? ^(!tip 1)

Smiling to a phone case, that's crazy 🍩 !tip 1

lol Nice one !tip 1

Trading for eth and you gotta bark like a dog

50 billions in ETH reserves is locked up

Huge! This is just the start of the ETH era. Let's go! ^(!tip 1)

So circulating supply is dropping... would be nice if we could break 5k with all that

True believers keep growing. Put your coins to work! 🍩 !tip 1

Imagining how bullish the future of Ethereum will be 🤔 !tip 1

10k on the horizon !tip 1

An excellent accomplishment! And a good chunk of that is being staked! LIDO's marketshare the lowest I've ever seen it. !tip 1

ETFs are not locked up though

Can someone explain why the first and biggest stablecoin owner tether has gone in to create a bitcoin treasury (21 capital) and not an ETH treasury? One would think they are the most qualified to know what underlying assets are going to do well in the event stablecoins take off.

Get ready to take profit

Indeed bullish on eth !tip 1

ETH isn’t just locked. It’s institutionalized.

Waiting for LentilCoin to have its time in the sun 🫥

Ethereum, ETH Treasuries at 'Good Entry Point' After Market Pullback: Standard Chartered - Decrypt

SigiNwanne, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Regulation Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I am in a better entry point. Evil laugh !gif 🍩 !tip 1

I have a better entry point but not enough ETH. !tip 1

All entries are good below ATH. $5k+ is inevitable! ^(!tip 1)

Not as good as it was a few months ago, but after the ATH dip it could be a good entry point if you think long-term. A lot of treasuries and whales bought near ATH so.. ^(!tip 1)

Can u have enough eth? !tip 1

Bitwise has submitted an S-1 form for a Chainlink ($LINK) ETF.

Odd-Radio-8500, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: ETF Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

It does not feel right for every crypto to have an ETF. Eth and BTC are not like the others.there should be more requirements or standars to it. But maybe that's just me, I don't want this circus with every coin there is to leak into ETFs. !tip 1

$10000 ethereum's possible !tip 1

Time to boost link price !tip 1

LINK was the most obvious choice after BTC and ETH. Way better than SOL lol. This will be better for Chainlink's oracles and data feeds, more inflows too. ^(!tip 1)

Bullish news for link but its strange that link and other alts submitted form to have its own etf !tip 1

Great for my bag, but not sure I really agree or see the need for this one. !tip 1

Bruh is every alt coin going to get a ETF now? I can sense something terrible happening in the future.

It was about time. LINK deserves it 🍩 !tip 1

Why should obsolete technology be an ETF?

quadrillions

This is a bullish news on Link, hopefully it pulls through. !tip 1

Link is just not the weakest link. !tip 1

Dormant Ethereum whale buys $28M ETH, ignites ‘V-shaped’ recovery hopes

Insert shingeki no kyogin soundrack. We are back to business 🍩 !tip 1

I want to be a whale!!

!gif Recovery incoming !tip 1

After 3 days i do confirm this didn't aged well ❤️‍🩹

The push bulls have been hoping for. ^(!tip 1)

I don’t know if these rumors about whales buying eth are true. But if they are true I wonder if they know something about internal Ethereum policy changes coming soon, like a faster burn rate.

A bounce to $5k, hopefully. !tip 1

V-shape recoveries are the best. I didn't think ETH would drop below 4k any time soon, given so much has been accumulated by institutional money around that price. !tip 1

Why now? I thought September were when eth will nosedive

Why ETH at $4k is nothing like ETH at $250. ETH entered a new era and according to long-time Ethereum community member DCinvestor, the risk of holding ETH today is fundamentally different from its early days. Back when ETH was worth only $250 it was just an unproven experiment, more of a speculative bet than a trusted financial asset with real utility. A few years later with ETH above $4k the scenario has completely changed. Ethereum evolved and became the trusted settlement layer for DeFi, NFT's, and lately stablecoins and tokenized RWA's. Now on-chain activity is legitimized by big corporations, Wall Street accepted Ethereum through ETFs and institutional treasuries and regulators are starting to acknowledge Ethereum's role in global finance. DCinvestor says that the next 20x from here will not come with the same high risk speculation as before. It may offer something even better: a more secure long-term path to creating wealth. In his tweet DCinvestor leaves us an advice: forget timing the market. The winning strategy is DCA, buying and holding ETH consistently, especially during inevitable bear markets when sentiment is very low. In his words accumulating ETH now is the way to 'outperform 95% of this site' over the next 5 years. The real risk could be ignoring that lesson. *Source:

Any Eth dip right now is a scooping opportunity for a life changing experience in the next 10 years. !tip 1

Been hearing that since 2016/2017. Don't get too overconfident. Be realistic. I think a conservative target is between 7,000-10,000 this cycle. 10k eth is more than a TRILLION market cap. The whole space is currently sitting at 3.8 Trillion

Oh, it's very different. Institutions and organizations have been accumulating ETH close to the 4k pricepoint for their treasuries, giving a strong indicator that any lows wouldn't drop too far below 4k, atleast not for super long periods anyway.. !tip 1

The dynamics are no longer the same after institutional adoption and ecosystem expansion, so reaching ETH new highs will become easier and easier. ^(!tip 1)

Times have change too much to even worth making a comparison. Even comparing crypto space with 2021 feels like centuries ago 🍩 !tip 1

For crypto to work we need a prolonged periode of global peace so that the asset itself can be interwoven into the worlds economies... as long as this isn't happening all crypto are still very much speculative!

We just hit a 4 year low a few months ago and then an ATH. Crypto will always be high risk/votile. I mean Bitcoin was like 66 k a year ago to the day.

Oh I wish i know about eth when it was $250 !tip 1

Ser NFTs, perps trading and memecoins are still by far the largest activity going on on Ethereum. Until that changes its still speculative. I am an ETH bull but yall need to keep it real sometimes.

I never see ETH at 250k on the charts. !tip 1

I bought ETH between $250-$300, it felt great and I was happy to. Now at 4k, I won't touch it tbh

euphoria phase

Crypto trader claims MEXC asked them to fly to Malaysia to unfreeze $3.1M

Abdeliq, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Exchanges Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

MEXC is really a shady exchange 🍩 !tip 1

So many red flags about this, there is probably a scammer at MEXC and they want to kidnap the customer. A CEX would never request their customers to travel. We need better exchange policies. ^(!tip 1)

"The trader launched a $2 million social media campaign to pressure MEXC to release the funds, involving NFTs and a bounty for participants." So, first this guy leaves 3 mil on MEXC... And then spends 2 mil on a campaign instead on a laywer? Idk man the amount of supidity seems high.

Crypto ETPs post $1.4B losses amid recent Bitcoin, Ether sell-offs

SigiNwanne, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Another day in the world of crypto.

Bears are ruthless at the moment. I hope they will be caged soon. ^(!tip 1)

So another day in the crypto world 🍩 !tip 1

Could just be profit taking and fund rotating

It slowly bought again !tip 1

Ethereum’s MVRV ratio is 2.15, indicating there will be volatility due to profit taking from the holders

Was this before or after the dip lmao.

Just a slight correction. We'll blow past ATH's soon and ride that rocket!

And here I thought people usually buy when prices are high and sell when they are low. Honestly 2.15 at 4.5k ish is pretty surprising to me. !tip 1

Volatility is a feature, dont forget this 🍩 !tip 1

YAWWWNNNNN

Man I should have taken profits too….. but my shiz is staked.

I'm more interested in the big money flowing into it the past 3-4weeks. Someone or something risking personal gains says alot more then some ratio. I would imagine the big funds flowing into eth wouldn't have if they looked every ratio and 📉 📈 We will see the typical Sept pullback probably but to think it's crashing to an atl is insanity after all this big money rolled in.

lol barely touches previous ath

When the chart says: ‘Maybe it’s time to stop holding?’

Makes sense. I 2x’d and sold 50% of my ethereum portfolio on August 22 for risk management, as I have now secured my original investment back. The remaining 50% is pure profit. Love it. I’m assuming thousands of people like me are doing the same due to which the price is depressed right now. But I’m assuming it’s momentary and it will break the $5K USD barrier in September or October.

Profit taking should be illegal until I'm ready to sell.

I really wanna see 5k smash

never trust news guys. whatever some fuckwit analyst says at wall street. this is how they manipulated eth when it went low. constant news cycles of bear market. they accumulated. you will start hearing 20000 and flippening news when it's near peak

Do you think Solana is worth owning to complement Eth holdings? Why do you think Eth is better? So I own a relatively large amount of Eth (And Chainlink). No Sol. “ I saw some adoption stats and got curious. Apparently Euro was considering Sol, along with Eth, This is what I got from Grok: - Speed and Scalability: Solana’s 65,000+ TPS and low fees give it a strong edge for high-volume apps like DeFi and NFTs, increasing adoption likelihood; Ethereum’s 30 TPS limits it, though upgrades like Pectra may help close the gap. - User Activity and Revenue: Solana leads in transactions, active users, and fees, rivaling Ethereum despite lower DApp revenue ($6M vs $35M weekly), suggesting higher growth potential in retail-driven markets. - Staking Yields: Solana’s ~8% APY attracts more stakers than Ethereum’s ~3.5%, boosting token demand and price stability. - Market Cap Potential: Analysts (e.g., VanEck) predict Solana could reach 50% of Ethereum’s market cap (~$330/SOL), with 80% probability of convergence this cycle per some experts, driven by U.S.-centric policies favoring Solana. - Ecosystem Maturity: Ethereum’s established DeFi and institutional base provide resilience and security advantages, reducing crash risks; Solana’s younger network faces higher volatility but faster innovation. - Price Performance Trends: In H1 2025, Solana declined less (-19% vs Ethereum’s -25%), with metrics showing Solana at 33% Ethereum’s valuation but outperforming in adoption—favoring Solana for short-term gains, Ethereum for long-term stability. - **Risks: Solana’s centralization concerns and past outages could deter enterprise adoption, risking price volatility; Ethereum’s robust decentralization, ETF staking potential, and institutional trust bolster its long-term outperformance, though slower innovation may limit short-term gains.**

SunTzuFiveFiveSix, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Solana is a garbage blockchain that sacrifices fundamentals for speed. Nothing important will ever be built on it. Consider Solana a place for memecoins and rugpulls. Your last point hits on why this is the case. That's not to say that you couldn't make money from other suckers who want to provide exit liquidity, but in terms of investing into something useful, then stay away. Reddit is also a poor place for this type of question. You'll find people here who will throw money at any shitcoin and who will tell you it's the greatest thing since sliced bread.

Below 100 might be interesting

Solana is crap but you can make money investing on it. 🍩 !tip 1

[automod] Question

Edit: fixed it

If you could go back and buy both Toyota.AND Honda stock, would you?

I own some Sol, but the inflation rate concerns me, im told it's rather high, but I could be wrong about that.

what september could bring for ethereum...strongest q3 since 2015 has me bullish So we're witnessing something historic here. eth just posted an 83% gain in q3 - that's the strongest third quarter performance since the network launched in 2015. for context, the historical median for q3 is only 8.19%. the numbers that matter: briefly hit $4,946 on august 25th (new ath) currently around $4,550 after pulling back 8% $11 billion in institutional inflows this year alone us eth etfs now holding over $23 billion 35 million eth staked (29% of total supply) why september could be massive: history shows strong q3 performance often leads to explosive q4 runs. in 2017, a 27% q3 gain led to eth tripling over the next six months. 2021 saw a 31% q3 rally followed by a surge from $2,300 to nearly $4,900 by november. the institutional money keeps flowing. coinshares reported $3.75 billion in weekly inflows mid-august, with ethereum products taking 77% of that. ishares ethereum trust alone grew from under $2 billion in april to almost $13 billion now. technical setup looks clean: key support holding at $4,350 next resistance around $5,000 standard chartered just raised their year-end target to $7,500 (up from $4,000) If we reclaim $5,000, analysts see $6,000-$7,500 as realistic the fundamentals are actually working: pectra upgrade in may cut rollup costs significantly. layer-2 tvl now exceeds $44 billion. transaction fees on arbitrum and optimism have dropped, making ethereum way more usable. the staking narrative is solid too - 29% of supply locked up earning yield while the burn mechanism keeps inflation near zero during high activity periods. what could go wrong: large etf outflows could reverse momentum quickly. macro shocks always hit crypto first. if we lose $4,350 support, we're probably looking at deeper corrections. but honestly, the setup feels different this time. institutional adoption, improving fundamentals, and historical patterns all pointing toward something big brewing. my prediction for september: either we consolidate around current levels and build energy for an october breakout, or institutional fomo kicks in and we see that $5,000+ push everyone's been waiting for. either way, this q3 performance has me way more confident about eth's medium-term outlook. we're not just riding hype anymore - the infrastructure is actually getting built. what's your september price target? Source : [awaken.tax](

Yea it was nice to see almost 5k. But now we have the entire god candle wiped out. Hopefully we get another run in September lol.

Guys can we please hit 200.000 so my 0.1 eth is worth something? Thanks in advance

Aaand its gone. 12.5k soon

This is the financial side of Ethereum but what about the technical side of it? all the crazy smart devs pushin eth forward… zkEVMs, danksharding, based sequencing, ssv 2.0 on the way… i’m so bullish on ETH!

historically september brings a pullback.

I love these analyses. People apparently spend a lot of time concocting them. And they’re always wrong.

September will be bloody

It’s tanking hard in September. Then a rally in October.

We will see sub 4k ETH in September, and hopefully above 5k in October. But only the down part is a guarantee

Just as this happened, i got offered a job in etherscan

Price estimates? The reality , nobody knows. Yet many speculate.

First sentence in, already bullshit instead of bullish. History was driven by halvings and following bitcoin, nowadays it's driven by institutional decisions and global players. If you want a serious comment about the future price watch btc-echo podcast. They logically explain why the way to go should be upwards. But they also explain why post like the one above here is absolutely outdated.

Time only will tell 🍩 !tip 1

Today was a good day. Fee rate cuts in sept with be the macro event to pump or dump. $1200 move will come from J Powell and feds decision. Looks like rates to be cut .25 bps from 4.5 to 4.25. Brave yourselves 🤓

Can't wait for uptember

Sold all my Eth right before the bull run 👹 I’m just going to wait until it crashes again in a few years to buy back in. Not going to FOMO like how the guys in 2021 did.

Solid analysis! The 83% Q3 gain is historic, and $11B in institutional inflows plus $23B in ETF holdings show Ethereum's gone mainstream. With 29% of supply staked and the burn mechanism keeping inflation low, the setup looks strong. The Pectra upgrade and $44B in L2 TVL make the ecosystem more usable than ever. Historical Q3-to-Q4 patterns suggest a big run, and $4,350 support is key. I see September hitting $5,200-$5,500 if inflows hold and no macro shocks hit. Consolidation around $4,500 is possible too, priming a Q4 breakout. ETF outflows are a risk, but institutional FOMO feels real.

Former BlackRock VP says that refusing to hold ETH today is a big risk. John Gillen, former BlackRock VP and host of the Milk Road Macro podcast, did not hold back in a recent tweet. John's tweet is a response to a chart shared by Milk Road, which was also covered by u/Kirtash93 today, about ETH being 'the fastest major asset in history to hit a $500B market cap.' He pointed out a big comparison, at 10 years Bitcoin had a market cap of around $60 billion. With the same age Ethereum reached roughly $600 billion. For John Gillen this a warning to skeptics still doubting Ethereum's future. He pushed back against the usual anti-ETH narratives: that ETH is dead, that another coin will beat it, or that Bitcoin alone is enough. His argument is honest and straight to the point: refusing to hold ETH today is risky and negligent. Let's talk numbers. Ethereum is the center of DeFi, Ethereum hosts almost 300,000 tokens and hosts 40 of the top 100 cryptos. Ethereum is at a stage where its network effects are no longer speculative, they are already shaping the direction of the entire crypto space. There have been studies that confirmed Ethereum's role as a driver of innovation, its growth is often compared to the early days of the internet. Gillen's conclusion is you do not have to bet everything on ETH.. but refusing to hold even a little is a big risk. In his words: 'stop arguing with reality and just learn the lesson.' *Source:

MasterpieceLoud4931, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: ETF Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I'm 💯% with him - Skipping ETH is like quitting the race before it even starts. ^(!tip 1)

Inflation should be factored in here for some old companies on that list 500b was much more than it is today. But still impressive. !tip 1

If only i could afford more. Me and my 0.1 eth isnt going anywhere..

Another Flippining post.

Ethereum. It’s like Bitcoin, but useful.

See you at 3.8k folks

Its easier to hold ETH than holding fiat. 🍩 !tip 1

Sounds good! Holding onto 4 currently.

Holding ETH is also a big risk

Those refusing to listen and do the right thing will definitely regret it in 10 years time. Eth will surprise many people. !tip 1

Anyone working on mev bots???

ot that long ago, they wouldn’t even consider to touch it

Isn't there belief that they just sold off a ton of BTC?

One thing i’ve learned from trading is never sell your winning stocks at a fresh all time high after 4 years of sideways. Seen too many winners run up 4-10x on setups like this.

To this day, the ETH I sold is still worth less than the house I bought and gained with equity. Crypto isn't always a better investment.

Hard to ignore the data ETH has cemented itself as a core piece of the crypto ecosystem Not holding any exposure at all does seem like betting against clear network effects and adoption

Client diversity adds resilience to a network and reduces reliance on a single team. If the overwhelming majority runs on one client implementation, then there is a single point of failure. That's why S&P 500 companies chose Ethereum to serve as the backbone of global finance.

sandakersmann, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Macroeconomics Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Diving into the Donut Pool: Week 67 Total Value locked in Sushi.com * 7785985 DONUT ($34.82k) * Trading Volume in last 24 hours = $ 195.91 * Trading Volume in last 7 days = $ 1.71k * In the last 7 days ETH is has moved +7.0% * In the last 7 days DONUT has moved +7.9% * Last week 1 ETH = 1.04m DONUT * Today 1 ETH = 1.03m DONUT * 6466.66 DONUT per day distributed amongst all in range positions. Overall a pretty quiet week for DONUT, but an amazing week for ETH! As ETH Dominance rises, the possibility of an alt-season is back on the cards, great for all those micro-cap tokens out there. A fairly balanced week across both networks; and with slightly higher prices on Mainnet, which is normal. Mainnet = $0.004625 Arbitrum = $0.004436 It's great to see the liquidity pool get back towards 50k in TVL, and hopefully this continues to grow, not only with higher ETH and DONUT prices, but with more liquidity positions. Here is the current liquidity leaderboard; thank you to everyone on the list for supporting the $DONUT pool. The Liquidity leader currently holds nearly 1/3 of the total pool position, which is not ideal. It would be great to continue to spread this out for a more stable and decentralized situation. Hypothetically, if an exchange listing was to become a possibility; I wonder if the current size of the Arbitrum liquidity pool even be able to handle the additional demands that would ensue. 🤔

Liquidity leader dominance is a point of concern. Also, I would like to see DONUT pump and under 1M 🍩 per ETH ^(!tip 1)

I think these updates on DONUTs pool are very important. I would like to see TVL above $100,000 as well. We should have a simple guide from the mods for newbies to optimize their stakes. ^(!tip 1)

I am very bullish on Anonymous that are part of DONUT Society. Jokes aside, thanks for this post OP! 🍩 !tip 1

Can someone do the math for me please? What donut rewards do I get if I were to put in 200$ of ETH and 200$ of DONUT into the pool ? Thanks in advance. I think I did the math last time but don't remember anymore

Maybe I also should do another post about the pool, to get more people involved. I guess nobody here that it is profitable most of the time... Especially if you believe in both assets. !tip 1

USDC usage on Ethereum has reached record highs, with key metrics up nearly 300% since the January ’24.

Odd-Radio-8500, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Stables Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

Any stablecoin usage on ETH is a win in my eyes. Crypto-cards are becoming more mainstream as well, and if they convert crypto into stablecoin as part of their process, there's more usage! !tip 1

Wow, i wasn’t expecting this from USDC because I don’t use it, I prefer USDT to it !tip 1

And things keeps looking more bullish for ETH 🍩 !tip 1

The only solid stablecoin I can bank on, DAI as well. !tip 1

... so why is the price not at 5k?

A lot of people do not understand how impressive this is!! This is because of Ethereum's integration into payments. In other words: adoption. ^(!tip 1)

President Trump-Linked World Liberty Financial Announces WLFI Token Launch on Ethereum (ETH) Mainnet - The Daily Hodl World Liberty Financial, a decentralized finance (DeFi) platform closely tied to the Trump family, confirmed that its native WLFI token is officially launching on the Ethereum (ETH) mainnet. The announcement marks a shift in WLFI’s trajectory, which began as a governance-only token and is now entering open circulation. The token generation event (TGE) is slated for September 1st, 2025, with spot trading expected to begin at 12:00 PM UTC. At launch, 20% of WLFI’s supply will be made transferable, with the remainder subject to community governance or longer vesting schedules Bitget has announced an early trading of the $WLFI token, giving traders a chance to position themselves ahead of the official spot listing. WLFI’s emergence into the tradable market comes after WLF’s July governance vote, in which holders overwhelmingly approved making the token transferable – moving it beyond its original voting-only design. The launch also occurs amid WLFI’s broader strategy to stabilize token value via a $1.5 billion crypto-treasury initiative. The firm is building the treasury through a substantial capital infusion into ALT5 Sigma, which has recently added Eric Trump to the board, a move that has drawn both political interest and scrutiny. Data from Whales Market, an OTC (over-the-counter) decentralized exchange (DEX) that allows for the trading of tokens before their TGE, shows that WLFI is trading as high as $0.42, many multiples higher than its original presale price.

Green_Candler, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Politics Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

I really wouldn't touch this, or any company even tangentially involved in this. I mean seriously, could there be a bigger red flag for a crypto service than Trump involvement?

Will not touch it with a 100 foot pole.

This will most likely be rug pulled. ^(!tip 1)

How do I short it

I am not touching anything related to the orange man 🍩 !tip 1

I would advise anyone to stay away from gambling on this future rug scam . Look at Trump & his wife tokens carefully.

No wonder we’re down $400 today

How can we buy this shit

Stop shelling crap tokens

Rug pull or not, it’s general market visibility for ETH as a platform. That part is good for ETH. Most investors and consumers of the token will likely have never heard of ETH.

I think I researched about this very late after opening a long with 10x leverage and 500% in negative with a liquidation of 0.15 i and totally fucked now don't know what to do 3rd biggest mistake in my time in crypto i just pray that I can exit in loss of 100-200% if it retrace back to 32-34

feels like nothing more than a political gimmick

This is the interesting part for me... WLFI moving from governance-only to tradable, while exchanges like Bitget etc. already allowed early positioning before mainnet launch. Shows how much CEX infra is becoming part of the launch lifecycle itself. Curious if ETH whales will play it the same way they did with $TRUMP earlier this year

Ethereum (ETH) Just Became The Fastest Asset In History To $500B - Quietly Making History While Few Are Talking About It Just crossed with this Milk Road Tweet:** \~5.8 years * **Exxon Mobil (XOM):** \~7.9y * **Bitcoin (BTC):** \~12 years * **Apple (AAPL):** \~35 years Ethereum did this in less than 6 years, what it took one of the most iconic companies on Earth more than three decades to achieve. Even Bitcoin, the OG of crypto took double the time. Most people know Ethereum as “that crypto with smart contracts and NFTs,” but here’s a stat that puts things into perspective: it just became the *fastest major asset in history* to hit a **$500 billion market cap.** This is not just a random milestone. This highlights how crypto and Ethereum is the fastest growing asset class ever created. We are watching the birth of a financial system that grows at internet speed. Ethereum is not just digital money, it is becoming the base layer for everything in the future, from DeFi, NFTs, gaming, DAOs, etc. Everything will be on top of Ethereum ecosystem. Skeptics usually dismiss crypto as hype but the numbers are just brutal facts. Adoption curves are accelerating and capital is flowing so fast. Imagine not believing in a project with this amount of investment and insane metrics. # 🅴🆃🅷🅴🆁🅴🆄🅼 🅸🆂 🆃🅷🅴 🅵🆄🆃🆄🆁🅴 Source: * Tweet: [

Just became? Hasn't ETH been around for 10 years? And didn't it hit $500 billion in like 2021? Old news, no?

ETH was launched in 2015 right? How was 5.8 years calculated?

This is cool. You just can’t realistically compare a business to a crypto coin. There are so many more set backs and improvements involved in business compared to the coin.

All roads lead to the fastest $1T market cap. ^(!tip 1)

Not to take away anything from ETH, but most of the top half including ETH got a very good boost from inflation that the bottom half lost out on. We would need an 'adjusted for inflation' list to get a better understanding.

Is that inflation adjusted market cap?

Double as fast as btc Nice !tip 1

Oh great history with $500B Will increase in end of year i guest !tip 1

That’s awesome but guess what, >!this is just the beginning!< !tip 1

That's the future of finance, still very much underrated at the moment but won't be for long. !tip 1

Ethereum is 10 years old

It was really a fast growth. ETH is outpacing traditional assets. ^(!tip 1)

Ethereum hitting 500B in under six years is insane Shows how fast crypto markets move compared to traditional assets and how much institutional confidence ETH is starting to build

Got a grand to get going been trying to suck up as much info as I could in about a week. Love the Eth community. Just jumped in at 4.5 with 600 was gonna throw the other 4 in BTC if it will go back down to 111k had got 100$ of it at 111 this morning…. While I was going boo boo to be exact hah! What yall think. Thoughts? Suggestions? And I understand what a portfolio is but what is and how do you define a “good” portfolio? Obviously a lot is going to be individuals thoughts and views and I wanna hear them all!! Thanks again in advance

Now adjust that with inflation

Without Ethereum, no coin would serve a purpose

Wen Lambo?

Bitcoin whales swap BTC for Ether as trader sees ETH at $5.5K next

Smart whale! Hopefully, nothing stops the bulls once momentum returns. ^(!tip 1)

Soon 6.9k 😎 !tip 1

We now have dual peaks. Take that how you will. I, for one, bought at 2000 and plan on doing it again.

Under 4500 soon?

A whale that knows the next big thing. !tip 1

The flippening no body expected 🍩 !tip 1

SBI Group, Chainlink partner to bring crypto tech to Asia’s finance scene

SigiNwanne, this comment logs the Pay2Post fee, an anti-spam mechanism where a DONUT 'tax' is deducted from your distribution share for each post submitted. Learn more [here]( cc: u/pay2post-ethtrader ---------- Topic: Chainlink Learn more about topics limits [here]( ---------- Understand how Donuts and tips work by reading the [beginners guide]( ---------- [Click here to tip this post on-chain](

More RWA tokenization and stablecoin volume and that only benefits Ethereum's adoption. ^(!tip 1)

Chainlink will eclipse Bitcoin.

Chainlink keeps connecting the world !tip 1

Good move! SBI understands where the future is. ^(!tip 1)

Chainlink keeps achieving great things 🍩 !tip 1

I wanna know what you think Hi everyone 👋 I wanted to ask what you all think about earning small amounts of crypto through things like paid-to-click sites or task-based rewards. Do you see it as a fun way to stack coins, or is it too small to be worth it? I’ve been testing some platforms recently, and if it’s alright with the group, I’d be happy to share my experiences (with screenshots of what I actually earned). I’m more curious to hear how others view it though.

It's an easy and common way to be scammed via the "task" scam. Avoid. In fact, your willingness to share your successes makes yours a suspicious and reportable post.

Is Revolut good for buy and sell crypto? I’m completely new to this. I just created a Revolut account and noticed something called “Crypto” in the app — it looked interesting, so I did a bit of digging and now I have a small idea of what crypto is. Since you’re the experts, could you give me some advice on which cryptocurrencies I should invest in right now? Also, if Revolut isn’t the best option, what app would you recommend for buying and selling crypto?

Fees are very high, there are much better options

I would not use revolut unless you believe they will not go out of business. It's only worth buying there if you do not plan to trade often and you absolutely trust that nothing will happen to the company. If something happens to them, your coins will be gone

There are way better options

I use Revolut because I tend you make large, singular purchases (£50,000-£100,000), and UK banks don't allow you to transfer that much into a Coinbase, Kraken, etc. If you're DCAing or domiciled elsewhere, I'd imagine there are better ways.

Why do you want invest into something you have small idea what is it?

No, I made the same mistake a year ago thinking ‘what could possibly happen’ and now my thousand dollars worth coins are stuck there.

Nah it’s alright, I mean it’s not a professional trading platform, but its alright cause it’s easily accessible and you gotta use the Revolut X. But it ain’t that bad, the fees aren’t as bad. I mean better to use like Binance or sum.

You can find a lot of alternatives, my suggestions on App, since Revoult has higher fees. 1. Binance: The safest platform out there. 2 Kucoin: The lowest fees 3. Bybit: The lowest fees on all (trading, withdrawls, and deposits).

Only half decent for buying your initial coin (and in bulk to minimise the high fees), but I wouldn't hold my coins with them, I'd immediately transfer to my own private wallet

Yeah, just make sure to use Revolut X, as it has amazing fees (even lower than Binance for example, for limit orders). It uses the same account as your main Revolut, so no need to do anything special there, just download the app and try it out. Of course for long term holding, I will always suggest using a cold wallet.

I think revolute is a fine place to start but, as others have said the fees on basic plan are rough. You will need to consider and factor in the cost of a subscription that suits your amount of trades. They also have a fairly limited list of crypto available compared to other exchanges. My favourite upside is the absolutely no hassle when I want to take profits.

I use revolut when I am about to cash out from crypto casino, instant sell ans take out money from ATM. But fees are way to high. There are better places

Fees too high

I think its amazing. They also have a partnership with Aleph Cloud, which is going to start providing cloud services to Google and Meta. If you are in to crypto, you should check it out Aleph Cloud.

Revolut X is pretty good

Yes 🙌 I’ve had no problem with it so far with them two year. As long as you’re not doing anything illegal should be fine

Revolut is fine if you just want quick exposure, but it's pretty limited - the fees aren't great. Most people eventually move to a proper platform where you can actually use your crypto, not just watch numbers on a screen. I personally use Nexo itself - I can buy, sell, earn interest daily, and even borrow against my coins without selling. Feels a lot more like real wealth management than Revolut's "exposure only" setup.

Bitcoin bouncing at support? Weekly BTC market update **Bitcoin pulled back and closed the week right at the breakout level from back in July. This is the obvious place to buy the dip. The conservative price target of $142k remains.** In tradfi, the big thing this week was the NVIDIA earnings report that came in on Wednesday. They didn’t smash it out of the ballpark with this one, which disappointed the markets a bit. But big picture the numbers were good — the demand for chips is still strong, as the tech overlords keep building out data centers to feed their LLM beasts. As I’ve said before, at some point the AI train is going to run off the tracks and crash. But for now it’s still on, chugging along just fine. Zooming out a little, the issue of inflation and Fed rate cuts is still very much front and center. Markets have been in somewhat of a stand-by mode over the past couple of weeks, waiting for clarity. A rate cut at the September 17 meeting seems very likely; right now the market has it at 90% probability. But the impact of tariffs on the economy and prices is still not clear, and the markets are left waiting for more signs before they decide which way to go. This has also been reflected in bitcoin, which by now has spent 7 weeks consolidating after the breakout in early July. The bitcoin chart this week is more interesting than usual though, as it has come right down to test the 109k breakout level. Going back to test the level of a breakout like this is not uncommon, and it’s usually the logical place to buy the dip. So let's see if it can find support here and bounce. The BTC price target of 142k still remains. Price has to fall down below 100k before the breakout pattern (and price target) is invalidated. And so far we’re nowhere near that level. That said, the chart will look better if we bounce here. Looking to the bitcoin dominance, there is no change since last week. It’s still heading down, meaning altseason is still on. All in all, there is no reason for concern yet. Let’s see what the coming week brings! *For more market updates and analyses (and charts!), follow me on X:* [*

I don't think there is any interest with retail in buying Bitcoin and can't see it holding the support. Expect a big dip in September, followed by a rise in Bitcoin dominance

The Complete Guide to Creating a Corporate Bitcoin Treasury: A Strategic Revolution in the Footsteps of Michael Saylor.

If the SEC approved an ETH staking ETF - what happens to DeFi? So I was browsing through prediction markets earlier and stumbled on one on Fliq that caught my eye - about whether the SEC will approve a **spot Ethereum ETF with staking features**. I honestly hadn’t thought much about it before. Like, Bitcoin ETFs are already a big deal… but an ETH ETF that actually pays out staking rewards? That feels like a whole different level of regulatory challenge. So I’m curious what people here think: * Do you think the SEC will ever allow an Ethereum ETF that distributes staking rewards? Or is that a step too far for them? * And if something like BlackRock or Fidelity actually launched one, would it kill DeFi staking (since institutions could stake “safely”), or would it onboard a completely new class of investors into ETH?

Yes, they will be approved No, it doesn't kill DeFi - the main proposition of DeFi is non-custodial and permissionless finance, which ETF's can't compete with, and the ETF yield will be a lot less than what you can get in DeFi

I imagine it would be like 2-3 percent yield which will be in USD. Where staking rewards us in ETH

If the SEC approved a staking ETF, it would bring huge institutional money into ETH and make staking safe for traditional investors. But it wouldn’t kill DeFi.. ETFs can’t match DeFi’s flexibility, composability, or higher yields

What's your preferred timeframe for crypto trading (scalping, day, swing, long-term position)? Discuss the pros and cons of your chosen timeframe in relation to crypto's unique market characteristics.

For btc 15m. I use it to see big and fast movements which I trade against.

1hr, so good

I'm a proponent of long-term trading. Cryptocurrency is a market that's generally trending upward, and in such a market, you can make money simply by holding onto your spot positions. I recall a rumor circulating in the community about someone who bought BTC spot positions, served an eight-year prison sentence, and upon release found themselves suddenly wealthy.

LPs harvest daily into LTH 85:15 BTC:ETH

Our community is sh*it The more time I spend in this space, the more I realize the hardest part of crypto isn’t even the charts or the volatility… it’s the people around it. Everywhere you look it’s just noise. If you take profits, you’re “weak.” If you don’t ape into the newest meme coin, you’re “missing out.” If you lose money, it’s instantly “your fault for not doing research.” It feels like no matter what you do, someone’s ready to judge it. And honestly, that environment messes with your head more than the market ever could. Instead of learning patience, you feel pressured to gamble. Instead of building your own strategy, you end up chasing whatever’s trending on Twitter or Reddit. The culture doesn’t really teach you how to survive here — it teaches you how to burn out. The crazy part is, crypto itself isn’t the enemy. The tech is cool, the opportunities are real. But the culture we’ve built around it? That’s what makes people quit. It pushes greed, flexing (I also did that), and constant comparison over anything actually healthy. And maybe that’s why crypto really isn’t for everyone. Not because people can’t understand charts, but because most people don’t want to live in a space that makes everything harder than it needs to be. For newbies it’s gotta be very tough to get used to it, but once you get money involved, just leave the community for some time. Till you can read shit and not panic.

Thats why a lot of people hate crypto bros more than crypto itself.

The culture promotes gambling and going for the quick buck. Once people start to dive into the tech side and actually try to learn about what blockchain truly is, how it works, and the details behind it instead of aping into the next meme launched by another public person with no real utility potential, we are in for a revolution and winners win big. For now, we are stuck waiting in this limbo of what every early evolving market or industry looks like. Keep a level head, do the research so many other won't, and invest instead of gambling with the memes and such, and you'll come out with the winners on the other side.

Yeah bro the community can be toxic sometiems, but at the end crypto still full of real oppotunity. If u focus on ur plan and stop caring what random ppl say, u can survive this game and even win big. Market is hard, but not hopeless ✌️

Its like that on any sub/ forum a lot of FUD

That's reddit in general tho

You follow reddit to determine consensus. It's common knowledge that outsized gains are found in contrarian investment strategies. You must do the opposite of what everyone else does to win. You come here to learn what everyone else does.

Xrp to 10$ Btc to 1mil so i can retire That bull*** you read everywhere 😅

SPX unironically fixes this. Praying for you anon 🫶

The market itself is wild enough but the culture adds another layer of stress that most people aren’t ready for. The constant judging, flexing, and “do this or you’re dumb” energy burns people out way faster than any red candle ever could. The healthiest play? Build your own plan, block the noise, and step away when needed. Real conviction doesn’t come from Twitter threads, it comes from knowing what you’re holding and why. That’s why I like WhiteRock it feels like one of the few projects actually building real tech with a fair structure, not just hype. Way easier to hold when you’re not relying on the noise.

Congrats spx6900 has found you. crypto has become a shit hole all around but theres a group of aeons that bringing back what the cypherpunks envisioned for us all. Look into spx6900 Stop Trading and Believe in Something

I think you need to remember something - you're in to make gains, not friends. Whatever you hear left or right, in the end you are the one that takes the decision. Sure, people will always speculate "you sold early" or "you missed the entry" but who cares? Some of these guys are new and don't know how things work, others are salty due to their own actions, and some just like to chat and fish the news. At the end of the day, if what you made makes you happy and profit-wise satisfied, that's what matter.

That’s anything dealing with crypto. I devved my first project in late may and presale starts in a week and I’m so ready for it. Just turning away all the scammers and blood suckers is too much at times.

I have been thinking of working on a similar post but have been putting it off; tired of seeing hours/days of work being labeled "Ai slop". I miss the days of critical thinking in these subs when posting ideas, or talking about a new token wasn't seen as a tab00. These days, anything other than btc or eth is an abominati0n. If you talk about a coin you are holding outside btc or eth, it's shilling. If you talk about a project you are working/contributing to, it's automatically a redflag because you are sh!tposting. I guess this is where we are now and we all have to find a way to live it with and still love the adventure that comes with crypto once a while.

Join SPX6900 we are the antithesis of all that negativity and poison. Believe in something Flip the stock market

Study something, 9-5, work up the ladder a bit, get decent money and life is easy

Just put the fries in the bag sir

It really is the "emperor's new cloths" isn't it ... But that's what happens when you "invest" in absolute bullshit.

Almost everyone on here has no understanding of these markets. Most people here don’t know what they’re buying really. They just been sold some line from youtube or ChatGPT about scalability or speed or whatever else, but for the most part they’re jumping on the bandwagon of what someone else has said to them (likely someone who understands as little as they do). Do your own research. Trust no one. And keep in mind that there’s thousands of idiots out there who didn’t take profits when they could’ve coz they were holding out for some ridiculous moonshot payoff. Now, all they have left is screenshots of the profit that might have been. Everyone’s a diamond hand when they’re on Reddit.

Never mind the ass backwards mentality. But the blatantly bad advice . Shit talking, bragging and predictions that fall flat are one thing. But fucking with people who are just trying to make a few bucks money is fucked up.

Maybe you should just disengage from it all. Crypto sites are echo chambers and hype

If you’re not a fully grown, mentally developed adult, with control of your emotions, crypto is NOT the place for you. It also says you probably spend a lot of time looking at nonsense hype, and not fundamentals. Sorry Bubb. Maybe the next chance to make millions will be more kid friendly.

It's toxic and tribal for the most part. If you come to the /r/ethereum daily it can be gloomy af some days but it's more wholesome overall. We need more content like [this]( that helps join this space and build a less toxic information feed.

You need to find a community that matches your vibe. Then your golden

💯 Wish I’d read this 17 months ago.

I get what you mean. And you described it well: just noise But… Crypto has nothing to do with it. What’s bothering you happens in all communities. No matter what their common denominator is. 1000 individuals, 1000 opinions. And the more individuals the more conversation level drops significantly. I think that this problem occurs mainly in very large groups. Because the more large the more anonymous each individual becomes. And it is precisely that anonymity that gives negative reactions carte blanche…the buzz is born But…who is dedicated to crypto is not obliged to participate in those noise bubbles.

You were destined to join spx6900, checks all the boxes. Look into the community.

What tech is cool? There’s literally only one blockchain built for web 2 integration and no one even knows about it. The rest is slow, fragmented and mostly just copy paste bs.

Ethereum: Avoid using emotion to invest

How will be the next move of ETH? I am so afraid that I am currently holding a mid-sized ETH treasury stock

So this is your own made model? Is there anything similar to this with free access online?

Thank you for sharing I’ve struggled to buy more because I’m obsessing with my average cost. Should I still be raising my average cost with the coin itself and keep building the bag or hold my decent position? Still learning here

The Evolution of Crypto Scams in 2025: New Tactics and How to Protect Your Portfolio Scammers are getting smarter. While beginners fall for phishing, traders now face fake OTC deals, impostor brokers, and liquidity pool manipulation on DEXs. I’ve seen countless investors lose funds because they ignored red flags. Here’s what to watch for in 2025: * Fake institutional offers (e.g., ‘whale’ OTC deals). * Fraudulent trading bots promising arbitrage gains. * Social engineering via Discord/Telegram ‘support’ groups. Have you encountered any of these? Share your experiences below.

Nobody knows shit now I mean it, at this point that we’re now on the markets, no body knows that crypto is doing. We’ve had a huge BTC run, and most ALTS didn’t even move, we had ETH dump and come back in a matter of weeks. All the cycle theories, now are not working, cause they make no sense. “We’re in a pullback” - No shit, after 100% on BTC we were supposed to pullback, but ETH is once again just vanishing. The markets are underperforming heavily.

When nobody know shit, we're still in bullrun. If everyone is a genius, we're in the end of the bullrun.

Sideway to 25% correction in Sept. BTC reclaims dominance in Oct w new ATH, loses steam and begins to dip, ETH and alts spike. Dec crash out. Act accordingly.

I might not know shit but my boy Tommy Lee is gonna buy another 250k ETH next week and pump my bags. Whether there's anything there or not, institutions are moving in size into the ETFs and treasury companies. I don't have to know much to see the sharp downtrend in exchange reserves lately. Prices are function of supply and demand and the demand is being printed everywhere I can measure in an unrelenting pattern. So hodl.

Watch Benjamin Cowen. Eth rallied because it bottomed out against Bitcoin. Other alts didn’t rally as much because they haven’t bottomed out yet against Bitcoin. Personally I don’t think this means there will be an alt season but at some point at least, alts should regain some ground. Eth is vanishing? It’s had a 10% pullback after a like a 300% rally. But go ahead and panic if you want.

Pardon my English it’s very late now and I’m sleepy.

I imagine if you were able to scrape all the youtube and social media posts for evidence of pumping and hype, and just do the opposite of what its telling you to do, you would do well in crypto, because it's all hype, and that hype is there to mislead you while they people paying for the hype and fear are pulling the strings of foolish people.

ETH is down about 10-11% from its all-time high a week ago. If you call that “just vanishing”, you will never survive another year like 2022 or 2018.

Because all of the stock market money players are in crypto. I was sounding the warning bell on TT and CT when i came in crypto. I told you all they were right behind me. This is what they do. Massive market manipulation.

I have no idea what you are looking at. Alts pumped at the beginning of the cycle… then BTC trended higher for 3 years straight.. gaining like 800%… then eth moved from $1500 to $4800 in a couple of months. Now eth is down 10% after pumping more than 300%. I would say this cycle so far is playing out very similar to how it has in the past. If you see large cap alts start to move in Q4 then this is just another cycle like the rest..

All I know is bitcoin is going up forever and everything else is centralized shit

Altseason is still coming, worry not my brother. Your hands are losing their diamond properties to become more reminiscing of a substance like paper.

Welcome to market manipulation

Preach this.. this is the new rat race. Don’t worry I’m also balls deep in this chase just like yourself and everyone else

this is 100 percent accurate, we are in uncharted territory

My take. We see bitcoin rise 200-300k trades sideways for a minute while money moves to eth and sol + other alts. As bitcoin falls alts will pump shortly and tank even harder. The real hold is gonna be when everyone is buying the fallen the knife with the profits but to me that’s when the real hold comes in. Also my take is mostly banking on me trying to make money in this cycle not already having a ton to start with.

Soon the market will be so saturated in digital currency with or without these heavy inflections / tax even then the global economy will have to collapse just to remain sustainable. I don’t see myself getting a raise only the man himself

This is good.

That's why you need to learn to make your own decisions. This will help you take control and never have regrets. A conscious choice is one that will always allow you to sleep peacefully afterwards.

If you still don’t know about $NEURAL, congrats you just found a gem that’s about to shine bright this Q4.

Probably means: people who buy to make a quick buck don't actually trust it/want to hold it.

The parabolic phase never comes when anyone expects it, so it's probably still some time away and definitely will not be when everyone is saying it is supposed to happen. I'm looking for continued market exhaustion, until everyone is so pissed off that everything is taking so long and people start leaving. That's when we'll see a run imo. Just hoarding cash atm.

A respected trader I look up to has said this is a scalp market

I'm going with the Simpsons Btc ltc filecoin and doge

This. This cycle feels different than all other cycles. So, it's going to be interesting to see how next 4 months perform.

We are in bear

ETH has barely broken ATH... we're early bro! This is going to be huge for **the chosen one** SPX6900.... for those who are skeptical it's time to stop trading and believe in something for once. SPX6900 has the best community and it's not even close. The dogecoin community never had this much passion and work ethic. Come on in, the waters fine, seriously... this community is incredibly genuine and its DESIGNED that way!

Hey I’m new to crypto and need help So I bought goat coin early I go to burn some tokens I and it says I have 90000 token of goat coin but there not in my wallet can somebody help me

You would have been better off buying an actual goat. You obviously have done zero research first and honestly this looks like a troll post. Must be hard living like this.

Send the c.a here you might bought a fake one

[Don't buy investments you don't understand.](

have you scanned your wallet?

Buying most any meme coins, you will get other with copy scam coins airdropping them into your wallet. In hope you wont know which one is the legit coin or the scam coins. There are about 30 times the amount if scam coins as real coins. So if you selected the coin they dropped into your wallet and bought more of that coin, your money would be gone. You can verify a coin by checking contract address to the real ones. Should be able to hide it. Welcome to crypto. Its full of scams now. Back in 2017 when i started wasnt so bad.

Brother, do yourself a favor, get some ETH, and learn how to acquire some SPX6900 tokens. We're on a mission to flip the stock market. Look us up on X and join the community! Aeons welcome you with wide arms!

More details would be needed, where you bought it? Which platform? Which adress? Which Blockchain?

El Salvador relocates Bitcoin reserve into multiple wallets to reduce exposure to quantum attacks It seems likely that the natively quantum safe ones will rise before Q-day. They are listed here:

lol it’s so funny how much the seriousness of this issue is misunderstood by most people. No quantum computers do not currently pose a threat to encryption, or really anything for that matter. The current state of this technology is such that it would have to progress many orders of magnitude before it could even get close to doing anything meaningful and at the current rate of progression that is decades away if ever. I have several family members who have phds in physics and one that does research related to QC. They all just laugh anytime they see headlines about it because it’s always sensationalized beyond meaning. Non of them think this technology will come to fruition anytime soon if ever. Theres some very difficult fundamental problems that stand between what is theoretically possible and the engineering required to achieve that.

Why hasn't LTC pumped? I have a bit of holding in LTC, and I actually use the coin everyday because both my shipping carriers allow it as an option for payment for my businesss. (Ltc and btc), I have a slight appreciation (bought most around $~90) but it hasn't pumped anywhere near the levels of btc, eth, or most altcoins, and still isnt near its ATH during covid like other coins have since surpasssed. But when you go on actual sites that take crypto as some form of currency or for transactions its usually only BTC, litecoin, and occasionally monero. What makes a coin like Solana inherently more valuable than LTC? I have a lot of that too and it has done very well, but other than a lot of meme coins built on the Solana network, actual utility seems to be on the LTC side of things. It and BTC seem to be the only ones being "used" for something outside of investing or at least from what I have seen. Nobody knows the future, but what is your take on LTC, is it still undervalued to you or is there something im not seeing that will keep it this way forever? Edit: Also, unrelated. Im not really a crypto bro. I just have btc and ltc and solana, I dont follow the markets very much and most of what I know about altcoins is from friends, so might need an ELI5 here. 😅

Because LTC doesn’t really matter. It’s more of a beta test chain for features that might eventually make their way to Bitcoin, but other than that, it doesn’t really matter. Other coins like solana also don’t matter, but they’re newer so there’s still a lot of hype around them pumping the price. I expect solana to be worthless in a couple more cycles.

Because Alts only pump from BTC profits. If BTC hasn’t made a big move and held levels and went sideways thats not gonna work. Also its a risk off market so no risk means the most risky financial products in the history of all markets aren’t gonna be in play. You need lowering interest rate cycle, high BTC profits, and BTC.D dumps to be inverse to Total2 pumps. No one wants to buy in sketchy markets in this climate. Fundamentals and hype and all that isn’t relevant for the actual big money making swings. If people use it or not or if its a good or bad tech bla bla bla doesnt matter. Its a traders financial instrument for profiting at the end of the day just like all of the coins. Nothing is “dead”, its just not the go to profit vehicle at this moment but when btc profits flow in, all coins pump nomatter what the fuck they are. Dont forget that fact.

It’s usually the last of the alts to run .. what this tells me is we aren’t at tip top yet

Ltc serves no purpose

who told you to buy ltc 😂😂

Defunct coin that serves no purpose

Because it's not altseason yet..

Because it doesn’t really offer or do anything unique. It’s pretty much a copy paste of the BTC code. It’s old and doesn’t really get any attention from new entrants, hence no pump.

Market hasn’t topped yet.

You should learn to measure fib levels. Theyll tell you abiut youre trade and maybe when you like to exit your coins

An pree-school example: the same amout of money already enter to de cryptos index. in 2021 we had 200cryptos, now we have what 1,200 cryptos?

Altseason or not, ppl only going after hype n momentum nowdays.. ltc is dead rn but once it pumps 20% in a day then it will gain momentum/hype for a while.

I believe in you ltc!

No altcoins are pumping , you can thank the memecoin scam hype

What is this 2017?

Skip the rest and look at $NEURAL because the real pump is on the horizon this Q4. The vision behind it is unmatched.

Which Crypto should i invest in? Hi. In wondering about which crypto i should invest in. I can invest up to 350 $. Im thinking of using Phantom wallet to store the crypto.

HBAR defintely

Link and bitcoin

Hbar. Ignore the rest, all in hbar. Tag this comment and come back to it in 2 years. You'll thnk me or I'll transfer you 500 hbar if it dont go over a dollar

For the month of August 2025, we saw a significant inflow into ETH ETFs, along with a slightly more aggressive outflow from BTC. This, in my view, indicates that currently there is more interest from big investors moving funds into ETH. We can also confirm this by looking at the ETH chart over the past month and comparing it with BTC. I want to emphasize that this is **not** an indicator to make decisions solely based on this information. It’s just one more piece of data to keep in mind and act on accordingly. Lastly, these are personal observations and **not financial advice**. Always make your own decisions when investing.

50:50 BTC ETH and keep adding

With only $350 I wouldn’t be buying multiple coins. Buy Chainlink but wait a few weeks if I’m being honest more pullback is likely across markets

Cardano ADA

Kas, beam, render, sui, fet ai, and hbar

You've heard from a number of people who have chimed in, and none of us know what your investment goals are. So what are they? With your 350, are you planning on holding for longer than a year, or are you going to buy, and sell when you makena little more money? How much do you want to make, and how long are you willing to wait?

September is gonna be rough. Wait for a btc below 100k and eth below 4k then buy. I'm already am all out and I 4xed my total holdings since may (2x leverage). Exited at 4600 for eth and between 115 and 118k for btc.

For buy and hold ?

The ones I am currently trying to unload. You need to buy lots of those

Btc + Link

$STRX / StrikeX risk/reward is crazy, upside potential is massive

None. Don't ask for any advice. Go to coinmarketcap and search project by project. Topics: Team Tech Tokenomics Laws and rules Risks..... DCA in and don't trust anybody... yourself included

Mostly ETH. Maybe a little bit in xrp, solana, Pepe.

Btc, eth then sol

Bitcoin, everything else is just a distraction from what matters.

BTC, ETH and SOL

Instead of just picking a coin, I'd recommend looking into a sector you believe in for the long term. For me, that's the convergence of AI and Web3. This area has massive growth potential. I'd suggest researching the projects building the core infrastructure for this new economy. For example, look into Ocean Protocol, which is creating tools to power a decentralized data economy, and Fetch. ai, which is focused on building community-owned AI models and intelligent agents. Understanding the technology behind the investment is key.

Algo icp. Both undervalued powerhouses

Long-term: Bitcoin & Ethereum Short-term: Sui & Ondo

PENGU is about to pop

It depends on you and what you want. Low risk? BTC, ETH and SOL. Riskier but bigger returns in the future? HBAR, LINK, LTC. Low MC coins are likely to maximize your gains as well. A good contender for that spot would be ONDO, it has everything what it needs to become successful.

Link, Ada , render, Pyth , sol, eth… so many , just research

Look at the NICE CHART for Unstable Coin - USDUC - look at the recent buying patterns, daily volume is up 45%, 64% of this is buyers, 100% max supply of coins out, only $61M market cap. Lots of upside potential.

$NEURAL and keep adding later on

Shiba hahaha

If btc hits 90 That’s no good for this bullrun. There will be a fake out pump to 115k ish and dump Hardddddddd after so if that happens be a bear after a pump higher. Likely btc will hold 100k plus before big end of cycle move. Be patient and buy link at $20 dollars if we get down there. This isn’t financial advice but it’s very good advice IMO.

NOCK Nockchain and XTM Minotari. Or if you’re a moonboy BTC.

btc, eth and nexo are the best options

$unstable coin

Depends on your goals. Better returns than stocks while kind of stable: BTC and ETH. Swing trade over 5-10 days (currently:) ETH, BTC, SOL, XRP, LINK - there are more, but these are the ones I like. For daytrading and catching those 10 % ups out of nowhere look for the current winners. But let me warn you: could win, but you will probably lose it again. I won and lost 10k in moments. Understanding compound interest it’s much better to swing trades over several days or hodl longterm. You will be better off. Good luck and disclaimer: this is of course no financial advice. I'm just another guy on the internet. Edit: Oh and don't trust anything about phrases like "You only need X amount of CoinY to retire a millionaire by Year Z" Look at how people hyped XRP ("Swift is working with XRP, when the Sec story is out of the way, XRP will go to 10, 1000, 1000!" – and what actually happened: absolutely nothing. Many here on reddit are full of hopium, YouTubers are just promoting what they bought so they want the coins to go up, many YouTube videos and "investment" websites are 100% ai generated and complete BS. If you hear about something that sounds way too good, it probably is.

If you're only putting in $350 the best move is to keep it simple and think about where the upside actually comes from. BTC and ETH are the safe bets, but if you're looking for something with both utility and growth potential, I'd honestly take a look at Nexo.

BTC, ETH, XRP, LINK are your best bets for coins that are actually going to be used, HBAR is the most promising “other”

Gamble on memes 🫶🏼

ETH, that is all

First and second. ALWWAYS BTC AND ETH.

BTC or ETH is the safest choice. Check out KTA(keeta) if you want to take some risk, good entry below 1 USD

Nibi!!!!!!! So underrated it’s unbelievable! Look into what it is! Starting to also gain a little traction finally

Sorry, but you’re a bit late. Crypto is in its final stage. Those that are saying to invest in BTC and ETH are pure maxis, that think other coins are shitcoins. But the real take is that, btc and eth have already moved big, so at best you’re gonna see 150-180k for btc and 5-7k for eth. Real play is in the altcoins that would easily do 3x if bitcoin moved to 150-180k expensive zone for its bull run. But as I said, we’re in the final stage of this market cycle. Q3 or Q4 should be the final timeframe where at least some sort of greed should return. So don’t marry your bags…

You must invest everything in Pudgy Penguins PENGU. There are no other options.

350$? easy… put 349 in BTC n 1$ in pepe for soul balance 😂

Ai is the narrative of this cycle. TAO, FET, RNDR Besides, always have exposition to BTC

Put it all in XRP

Invest Only On BTC ,ETH,BNB,SOLANA,XRP

DOGE OR SHIBAINU

BTC only, anything other is higher risk than necessary for often negative return.

look into spx6900

Qubic moonshot

Polyswarm 💜🐝

Buy Solana XRP, Doge

Toshi! Easy choice and I’m not even kidding! Join the sub group for $Toshi and read. I’ve been buying on a weekly basis now! Also look at a one year chart!

I invite you to look into SPX6900 and its community. Ultra passionate, a crazy yet compelling mission to flip the stock market, and a unique mindset (no chart, peaceful life over greed, and so forth). It is as close as it gets to Bitcoin 2.0

Help understanding google Blockchain So I heard Google's testing out a Blockchain and if successful in doing so , and I want to save up and buy in , my question is , is it going to be a crypto Blockchain that I buy on my crypto.com app or am I supposed to just buy Google stock ? Thanks in advance.

It will be private. There will be no tokens.

A Return to $100K for Bitcoin? This Key Indicator Suggests So.

Please. Would be a dream come true.

Every cycle someone writes the $100K article… one day they’ll finally be right

CPI report is gonna absolutely decinate the market, but i expect strong rally after

we need to return to 70k just to wreck saylor. then we can pump back

I’m 17 and want to get into crypto currency but have no idea where to even begin! (No idea where to gain knowledge on any of this stuff without feeling like something is sketchy) Literally any advice would be taken very seriously as I am interested in the whole entire idea of crypto but I really need some sort of foundation to start somewhere before I just blow all of my teenager bucks out the window. One thing that I never am really capable to get an understanding of is knowing what to buy! As I said I am a teenager so I won’t be going full speed into this process spending thousands of dollars, especially when I don’t feel very 100% about a lot of the stuff I see on crypto. But this is something I want to know more about and try to slowly make it something I know a lot about! Thanks

Im newly 18 just start dollar cost averaging into bitcoin and ethereum that’s what I plan on doing for the long term just started last week

Hello there! Welcome to the world of crypto! My name is Prof. Nakamoto. People call me the crypto professor. This world is inhabited by networks, blockchains, and tokens. Some are useful, some are scams, and it is up to you to learn the difference. At 17, you are just beginning your journey. You do not need thousands of dollars. What you need is curiosity, patience, and the courage to ask questions. Before you “catch” any coin, you must first understand the world they live in. Here are your first steps: 1. Learn the basics Bitcoin: why it was created and how it works (peer to peer, no central bank) Look at what the Gold Standard was and what happened in 1971. Ethereum/Solana: smart contracts and apps that live on the blockchain Exchanges (CEX and DEX): They are like the marketplaces. Wallets: How you store and manage you private keys to access your coins. 2. Train your eye Just as a trainer learns which Pokémon are strong or weak, you must learn to spot red flags: Promises of “guaranteed returns” are scams, always. Shiny tokens without purpose usually vanish. If you do not understand it, do not buy it. 3. Practice before you battle Use free apps and testnets to try sending fake crypto Start with tiny amounts you can afford to lose Write down what you learn each step, your own Pokédex of crypto knowledge 4. Choose your starter wisely Most trainers begin with a solid choice. For crypto, that usually means Bitcoin or Solana. Not because they will make you rich fast, but because they will teach you the most about how this world really works. Remember, the goal is not to catch them all right away. It is to become a wise trainer who knows why each move is made. With time, practice, and patience, you will evolve into someone who truly understands this space. So! Your very own crypto journey is about to unfold! A world of knowledge and responsibility awaits. With courage, curiosity, and caution, go forth! *Shrinks*

Just don't buy any course

You need to remember 2 words - BTC , ETH

Get the book Crypto for Beginners on Amazon

You're 17 and you need to be 18 to trade on most platforms. Spend your remaining time being a minor learning about it. Make sure you understand KYC - you need a lot of information to open a legimate account. After that, you can figure out how to bypass all that, but you need to know what you're doing first, especially if you don't wanna lose all your money.

For learning the basics, check out [ \- has solid beginner guides on wallets, security, and how crypto actually works. **Key tips for starting out:** * Learn fundamentals before investing anything * Start small with amounts you can afford to lose * Stick to major coins initially (BTC, ETH) * Never share private keys/seed phrases with anyone r/Backpack_official has a helpful community for ongoing questions too. The fact you're asking for education instead of "what to buy" shows you're thinking smart. Take your time and be skeptical of everything promising quick profits.

In your research you will probably find that 90% of people will use only technical indicators and for my vision it's completely false ( using this type of strategy have many blind spots ) so if you want to invest first, you need to make research about the project itself how the business model work, their roadmap, the team and their experience, the vesting, ect... After that we need to know if it's a good period to buy or not ( you have two choices a DCA investment if you want to keep it simple especially in the beginning or a more optimized strategy but need time but I think it's worth it ) so you take a glassnode subscription ( of course when you are ready to invest more in you Idea) for the on chain analysis and here you will find a lot of metrics that you will discover and it's very powerful you can get helped by chat gpt to get the definition of them and how to combine them ect.. finally when you see that it's a good moment to buy here you can use the technical analysis to see where to enter and buy. Know that all that this requires a lot of time to learn but I think it's worth it ( and know here the chatbots will be your best friend because if you make your research on YouTube or any platform you will see a lot of scams, fake magical strategys ect.. and as a beginner it's hard to differentiate them so for a safe method at least when you start try to learn with the IA and some google research ) And good luck !

Welcome! Start slow, read lots of actual, physical books (more trustworthy than the internet), DCA, not your keys, not your coins. Good luck!

A lot of people are bitcoin maxis on this app and that’s not a bad thing, but we are nearing the very top of this cycle. Bitcoin is absolutely going to go down (not financial advice) once this run is over. I honestly think MINIMUM 30-40%, but could be more as Bitcoin has experienced 80% drops during bear markets. I’d begin by looking into Elliot wave theory, watch CrediBullCrypto’s YouTube videos (I’ve learned SO much from him) and then start following the money. Not saying this in support of Trump, but he and his family have invested heavily in CRO, ADA, and XRP to name a few (and yes, Bitcoin and ETH as well, but unless you have a couple grand at least to put into ETH, now is not really the time for that one). Good luck! And again: not financial advice.

Dude I literally just started two weeks ago and FB made my account one of them creator ones so I’m starting to make vids step by step like what I did and your on the right track being here. But check me out follow me man well do this together.

I would say now is the time to actually read about the theory behind all this. Distributed Ledger Technology is the term. *Distributed Ledger Technology: The Science of the Blockchain* is the name of the book.

Don't DM anyone wanting to give "Advice" On any app. Most All are Scammers. Be extremely cautious to Not Post Anything about what u hold on any Social Media i.e. bragging about how much u bought of a certain coin. Learn to play the Long Game. Don't impulse buy. Read a lot on trading from reputable sources. I didn't know wtf I was doing 2.5 yrs ago and probably Wasted 500-700 buying, selling and Swapping because I thought I was "Missing Out" on opportunities. I only own 2 now. They are reputable, strong players with Huge upside. One starts with an X and the other a W.

There are a 1000 posts here. Read, then come back with more specific questions. The place is a great resource, but you have to put in some effort - this isn’t Google.

Let's just say the entire crypto space stands and falls with Bitcoin at the moment. So if you invest just in that you are having the best balance between risk and reward. Also don't split the little money that is available to you on different projects. Start humble and see where you go from there.

You get the feeling it's sketchy because it is sketchy. Just grifters and organised criminals running pump and dumps. And yes, I include bitcoin and any other 'OG' coin.... Still just Ponzi's. They are designed to feel attractive to young men, and those who feel left behind or poor in comparison to others. Invest you money in a tax free investment account that holds real companies. Buy companies or markets that are currently cheap, not the ones that have run up to crazy valuations. Always remember: Past performance does not guarantee future returns!

Read books, watch videos, make your own knowledge. Try demo trading, and once you see yourself good, try real trading. Dont start with a lot of money, just money that if you lose will not make any difference

Learn what is DLT. How DLT will benefit the world. Then figure out which DLT is the most secure, the most efficient, as they should dominate.

RealVision and Raoul pal are amazing at helping you learn the basics of crypto investing without going too crazy and losing everything you put into it. RealVision isn’t the place for Get rich quick schemes but for long term solid advice it’s amazing

Invest in real stocks

Start slow, low and invest in BTC or ETH. Once you're comfortable in using your wallet, you can slowly enter into the DeFi world, I recommend Solana DeFi because of the lower fees. Enjoy and welcome :D

Btc ether is a good start, or buy xrp on the dips

Altcoins are sh@t.

Dollar cost average into bitcoin is the only proven investment strategy with crypto. Anything else is just gambling. If you want to gamble, consider buying kaspa. It’s the best technology out there, decentralized, fair launch, low fees, blazing fast, low inflation.

Buy BTC with 100% of your money. Pull a loan of 50% to live. Keep doing it.

Year long outlook and advice Hey, I wanted to ask year long outlook on the overall market performance of crypto and this ties into my request for advice. I’ve been considering ‘copying’ a trading bots (many of them for diversification) in an exchange like bybit, are these bots generally trustworthy to make ok returns and how reliant are is their performance on the market?

Crypto looks strong but volatile this year. Trading bots can help but their returns depend heavily on market conditions. Best approach maybe start small, diversify across bots & monitor performance regularly

Want to learn crypto trading Hey! I’m interested in learning how to crypto trade. Im a crypto enthusiast and know quite a bit about it but not the markets. I’ve done some Googling and even asked ChatGPT about top traders, but I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed about who to actually listen to and trust. Do you have any recommendations for YouTube channels or courses from reliable traders that you’ve had good experiences with? Thanks so much!

Learn how to lose money gracefully, with a smile on your face and say, “I deserved that!”.

Best bet is to listen to anonymous strangers on Reddit....

Ffs don’t trade. Buy a bunch and don’t look at it for like 5-6 years

BTDCrypto on YouTube. It's run by a guy named Mike that also has a Discord by the same name. Listen to his live streams and join the free Discord to start learning. Mike will also teach people but doesn't advertise it. You can msg him about it.

dca spx6900 and learn crypto holding lol

You’ll only lose money trading Stop trading and believe in something Look deeply into the SPX6900 index We are going to flip the stock market lol

I 100% recommend CrediBullCrypto on Twitter. He honestly explains things so well. I’ve learned so much from him. He has a multitude of videos on YouTube too. Watch them all, seriously.

Don’t trust these people man Just concentrate on 0.75 strategy and buy only when you find volumes

BMNR = The Ethereum MicroStrategy? Just watched a Tom Lee interview and I’m trying to piece together how this fits into the $BMNR vision. Can someone sanity-check if I’m reading this right? **BMNR = Secular Bet on Ethereum’s Institutional Future** * **Ethereum as Infra** → ETH is digital oil powering programmable finance. * **Institutional Adoption** → BMNR gives Wall St + retail a *stock ticker gateway* into Ethereum, with treasury leverage layered on top. * **Stablecoin/Tokenization Boom** → With the GENIUS Act and regulatory clarity, BMNR sees ETH as the dominant L1 for tokenized assets and financial rails. * **AI Integration** → ETH as the back-end for AI agents. BMNR wants to own/stake ETH to secure the rails that AI will eventually run on. * **5% Network Goal** → Long-term target = own 5% of ETH’s network through holdings + ecosystem participation. * **Treasury Strategy** → Think MicroStrategy, but for ETH. Instead of just stacking coins, BMNR adds upside by being plugged into infra and tokenization plays. Now this is shockingly obvious, and one can only think that it is wrong but it is impossible to avoid the **MicroStrategy analogue**: $BTC rose 11x in 2020–2021 $MSTR rose 30x, thanks to the market premium on its treasury strategy + conviction **BMNR is already showing similar leverage:** $ETH rose 1.5x (Jun → Jul 2025) $BMNR rose 9.5x over the same period — a 6x multiplier on ETH gains. I would be happy if BMNR 3x ETH's gains. Do you think the market keeps rewarding BMNR with that multiplier… or does this kind of premium always mean-revert? So… is this a fair take? Or am I stretching BMNR too much?

I think it does 1.5x ETH percentage gains, but in hyper bull rallies it’s mNAV will go up a lot in the short term but will go back down to 1.5 or lower in the long run. If BMNR spikes to above a 100 I would sell most of my stack and then jump back in when it reverts.

The classic crypto cycle Insiders accumulate → narrative builds → retail/institutions enter late → insiders sell. Watch out for hyped pitches to retail investors that encourage buying early, only so early movers can eventually sell to them...

When posts on Reddit are hyper bullish you know it's time to sell/stop accumulating

El Salvador splits $678M Bitcoin across 14 wallets to reduce quantum risk

This news just after Vitalik talked about the near term risk.

Overblown fud. If quantum computers can break crypto then it will also be able to break central banks, bring down electric grids, cause nuclear reactor meltdowns & launch nuclear warheads. Crypto will be the absolute least of our worries.

Progress in Quantum computing or US Economy shitting itself are my predictions for the bear market catalyst in the future ;)

What is quantum risk?

When one wallet is breakable, all are. Spreading it among different wallets is just dumb

Quantum computers are not ever going to be able to break the encryption.

Why do you think there won’t be quantum security as well?

Tokenized Stocks in Futures Markets One thing I’ve been watching closely is the rise of *RWA-based futures* (real-world assets brought on-chain). The structure is pretty straightforward: instead of owning the stock itself, you’re essentially trading a tokenized derivative that mirrors the price of companies like AAPL, TSLA, NVDA, META, etc. Think of it as an IOU that tracks the underlying equity, but settled in USDT. Why is this interesting? * **No brokerage needed** → Normally, getting exposure to these equities requires a traditional account, KYC, and region-based restrictions. Tokenized contracts bypass that. * **Fractional + leverage** → You can size positions with a few dollars and even scale with leverage (up to 10x in some platforms). * **Global access** → Doesn’t matter if you’re in the US, Asia, or EU, settlement happens in stablecoins. From a trader’s perspective, this looks more like a *short-term instrument*. Since you don’t technically own the stock, it’s not about dividends or long-term holding. But for people active in both crypto and equity markets, this is a neat way to capture volatility in names like TSLA or NVDA without leaving the crypto ecosystem. Bitget recently rolled out an RWA Index Perp that already covers AAPL/USDT, TSLA/USDT, NVDA/USDT, etc. and more names are being added. Not financial advice of course, but this feels like another step where crypto infra is absorbing TradFi exposure. Everything here is just based on my own research and how I see the space evolving. Would love to hear other takes, counterpoints, or critiques. I’m still learning and open to being corrected if I missed something.

The Silent Revolution: Why Tether on Bitcoin is the Paradigm Shift No One Saw Coming. It is the catalyst that will onboard the next billion users to Bitcoin, not through speculation, but through sheer, undeniable utility.

NOW EVERYBODY WANT TO BE ETHEREUM Saylor and they should since dumb dumbs need a leader and they paralyze unless big bro tells em what to buy AND when. hope yall bought at the ~1k mark and can now calmly ride the upcoming crazy train of FOMo and market manipulation

Jesus, is your brain mush, or am I starting to get sleepy?

There is only tom lee.

Rugpull? Is this a Rugpull? I know I’m about to get absolutely roasted for asking but ya know… just wondering what y’all’s thoughts are. I’m new to this… how do you tell?

It seems that is the case. Do not respond to anyone who may be sending you messages on reddit as those may be considered scammers. Anyone trying to tell you about "recovery services" to help you get any money back that you may have lost, is 100% a scammer. Everyone here commenting, please bear in mind our rules and do not insult anyone's intelligence in this post.

Of course it is. Stop investing in brand new projects. 99.9% of them are either rug-pulls or scams. Just wait. Great projects don't just come out and go straight up in price for ever they have multiple dips and crashes and provide multiple chances for entry at a great price.

Yes you have been rug pulled, liquidity is not locked means founder can drain everything. If you want make profits, i suggest you stop trading, and just DCA on solid projects that will beat any strategies on long-term holding.

My dumbass though there was a new coin named rug pull

Ethereum ETFs Hit $13.7B While Treasuries Stack 4.4M ETH..Supply Shock Ahead? ETH ETFs have quietly surged 44% in the past month, jumping from $9.5B to $13.7B in just 28 days. At the same time, corporate treasuries are accumulating aggressively, now holding an estimated 4.4M ETH. That is 3.7% of total supply, worth over $19B. Put together, ETFs and treasuries alone represent more than $32B of ETH essentially removed from circulation. And unlike traders, these institutions are not looking to sell. Their mandate is accumulation and long term holding. Add in staked ETH, DeFi collateral locks, and long term holders, and the amount of truly liquid ETH available for trading keeps shrinking. Standard Chartered’s head of digital assets recently said: “Treasury companies are a massive buyer. They will not sell. The impact will stay.” This is the same playbook we watched unfold with Bitcoin. ETFs and corporate treasuries quietly cornered supply until the market finally woke up. ETH may be at the start of its own version, except with real utility on top: settlement, staking yields, restaking, and DeFi infrastructues

Say supply shock 1 . More. Time. Say it

So does that mean we should buy more because it’s going to keep going up?

$7B in eth will be released on Sept 15th as people unstake to take profits so idkkkkkkk

Im holding right now around $1000 in ETH, hopefully will get a good sign

Can u say Tom Lee?

Been supply shock article every week for the past yeae

Ethereum Need genuine advice should one hold on + buy Ethereum rn if he's looking for a short term investment (3-4 months) and can't keep up with the whole crypto market (also tell about the long term investment as well)

Since ur crystall ball isn't working, we can use mine. Mine says ETH is an incredible investment for the next months, that we will go to near to 6k in the following 5 months.

Nobody knows what the short term holds Just like equities, crypto should be viewed as a longterm investment as this helps manage the volatility Longterm, ETH is a very good hold

No. It’s expensive right now. Stack cash and wait for the dip

Short term: NO Long term: YES

short term eth can be risky coz its so volatile. long term tho its still one of the strongest projects

People are expecting redtember but will only witness the 4k resistance. Unless we get the short end of the stick on the trump-ukraine-russia deal, a Bitcoin moment is imminent

Crypto is not great for short term investment. Yes prices do skyrocket in short periods but they can also fall just as quickly and for little to no reason. If its money you know you'll need in a few months, I suggest you hold on to it. The best way to invest in my opinion is DCA (dollar cost averaging). Set a budget and buy whatever amount you can afford every week, biweekly, monthly, etc. The trick is to stick to the schedule and keep buying no matter how low or high the price goes. It'll pay off before you know it.

ive held eth through a few cycles. shortterm gains are possible, but ive had better luck treating it like a longterm position. i auotmate buys and avoid chasing pumps less stress, better results

Wait til August 31 and watch the market sentiment. Buy at September 1 if conservative. Buy before August 31 if aggressive.

For **short-term (3–4 months):** Ethereum can be volatile. If you're entering now, focus on key resistance levels and market sentiment, profits are possible, but so are sharp drawdowns. Use stop-loss orders and only invest what you can afford to lose. For **long-term (1+ year):** Ethereum has strong fundamentals DeFi, NFTs, L2 scaling, and institutional adoption. Historically, long-term holding has yielded better returns than short-term trading, provided you can handle volatilit

I'd wait personally, if you asked me in june or april I'd of said go all in but people who bought it at this price on 2021 had to wait till the other week, 4 years later to break even. I'd wait for price to dip.

ETH will put one more ATH before returning to 3500-3800

Buy it in this sept dip, it can easily come to 3.6k—3.8k range and will still be cheap before its last rally. Can easily do 80% to 2x

Ethereum is an incredible investment long term. Short-medium term the returs are much more variable, but due to the current market structure you may very well turn a profit. As a retail investor, you should always remember time in the market>timing the market

**3–4 months & can’t watch it?** Don’t add aggressively.

If you brought it now and sold end of Dec you should do ok

SPX6900 is on Ethereum and will outperform BTC and Ethereum.

Does CoinMarketCap Suck? The most widely used website in all the land! Good: * User-friendly interface for prices, charts, and watchlists: CoinMarketCap's design emphasizes simplicity, allowing easy navigation for real-time data tracking, which is why it's often recommended for casual users. * Great for beginners with educational resources: The platform's Academy section provides comprehensive free content on crypto basics, helping newcomers understand terms and markets without overwhelming them. * Binance backing means vast data access: Since the 2020 acquisition by Binance, CoinMarketCap integrates extensive exchange data, offering detailed rankings and metrics for over 10,000 cryptocurrencies. Bad: * Data inaccuracies and fake volumes: Investigations have shown inflated trading volumes from certain exchanges, leading CoinMarketCap to implement transparency measures like liquidity scores to combat wash trading. * Spam-filled community forums: The forums suffer from automated bots and promotional spam, prompting moderation rules, but users still report difficulty finding meaningful discussions amid the noise. * Glitchy app and ads everywhere: App users frequently encounter bugs like crashing during high volatility, while pervasive ads disrupt the experience, especially on mobile versions. Ugly: * Overloaded with scams; easy for newbies to get rug-pulled: The site's vast listings include high-risk tokens without sufficient vetting, making it a common entry point for fraudulent schemes that exploit inexperienced investors. * Poor support and slow updates: Customer service is often described as unresponsive, with delays in data refreshes during market events frustrating traders who rely on timely information. * Privacy concerns post-FTX: Following the 2022 FTX fallout, heightened scrutiny revealed vulnerabilities in data handling, leading to enhanced security protocols but lingering user distrust.

CoinShares planning US IPO CoinShares is preparing for a US listing, arguing that moving its primary listing from Sweden would unlock greater shareholder value in a deeper and more crypto-focused capital market. The company pointed to the recent US public market debuts of Circle and Bullish, both of which saw strong investor demand. The firm also highlighted a more favourable regulatory environment, particularly in the US, with legislation and policy support seen as more aligned with digital asset innovation. Management said it intends to capitalise on these conditions in the coming quarters.

Best crypto news app Looking to get ahead of news, want to know when that important announcements especially the ones by the government reach my feed right away, so I can make a decision before any real movement happens, will help me with my swing trades once I can establish an overall direction. So need the best software/app that alerts you.

I like CoinGlass, turn on the notifications if you want to be deluged with “unknown wallet transfers 250M worth of BTC to unknown wallet” every 5 seconds.

Soso value for s a great one imho

Cryptopanic

Try decrypt, been using it a while. Found very helpful

There is a new crypto news app from indonesia called CryptoWave backed by TRIV (indonesia #1/largest exchange) ( its pretty good btw

What causes some crypto projects to spark crazy investment? Hey y'all, I'm working on a crypto project that is nearly done. But I'm a software person, not financial, and I'm struggling like heck to get anyone interested in investment. There are a ton of cool crypto integrations designed to explore new ways to use the technology. It is potentially interesting and profitable. But basically zero responses to email and twitter outreach. And let's be frank, not all crypto projects that get investment turn out to be good. Which begs the question of what really matters when inspiring initial investment. So rather than shilling (which hasn't worked anyway) I'm trying to figure out: What makes you want to invest? From your casual crypto bro to professional blockchain VCs, what sparks your interest? What makes you repsond to a shilling developer and actually move forward on the process? Because I sure as heck don't get it yet. And my runway's almost out so I need to get a handle on the investment game.

Do you have a website?

New from r/thenewsbruh

I want to get into crypto but don’t know where to start I know absolutely nothing about crypto or how it works. I have the money to play with but don’t know exactly what to do with it. Can anybody gives me some guidance to learn from trustworthy people?

Read books- ask why for everything. Talk to people- ask why for everything. See charts- ask why for everything. Just have a why approach for everything. Don't trust people. Most of them know nothing.

If you’re just starting out in crypto, the best move is to keep it simple and safe. Begin by focusing only on the **top 50 market cap coins**, since they already have liquidity, strong communities and lower risk compared to unknown projects. Use decentralized exchanges for extra transparency and control over your funds. Set **small and realistic goals**, but avoid strict time expectations. The market moves in unpredictable ways and patience is often more valuable than trying to time every swing. Growing steadily is better than chasing quick wins. Once you’re comfortable, consider **staking stablecoins**. This lets you earn passive income with relatively low risk while keeping a portion of your portfolio secure. It’s a smart way to build consistency in returns. As your wealth grows, you can start diversifying into **riskier assets**. Balance your portfolio with both safe and speculative plays. This way, you manage risk while giving yourself exposure to higher growth opportunities.

1) Ignore DMs. Anyone trying to talk to you privately is trying to scam you. 2) Only buy crypto on well known exchanges, like Kraken, Coinbase, UpHold, etc. You can even buy crypto on RobinHood, PayPal, Venmo & CashApp so there’s no reason to even think about using some unknown obscure exchange. 3) NEVER give your passwords or seed phrase to anyone. 4) Until you have to time to learn about crypto, blockchain & investing in general, I highly suggest you stick with well known projects with strong fundamentals & utility. Such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Chainlink, etc. 5) Do not interact with tokens that just magically appear in your wallet… or they will drain your entire wallet. 6) Give yourself a reasonable timeframe of at least 4-10yrs. Just as you would with any investment. 7) Don’t invest more than you can afford to lose (or at least have tied up for 4-5yrs).

just buy bitcoin or dont bother starting

A good idea would be to look for information. A lot of good resources out there. Asking to be spoonfed information without putting in some effort yourself., You are asking to get scammed.

Buy Monero and just survive the palantir surveillance grid.

you can start here - [

Before you invest anything, change your mindset from ‘I know absolutely nothing about crypto’ to ‘I understand it well enough to get started.’ Take time to think about your strategy and what you want to achieve. If you’re putting money in for the next 10 years, you’ll probably be fine and come out ahead. But if your plan is to get in and get out quickly, make sure you really know what you’re doing before risking your hard-earned money. NFA

Different ways to get investing into crypto. I started with cryptomining bitcoin. Now i am using gomining for mining in the long-term. There is a link in my profile.

Open a kraken account and fund it via ach transfer. I’m not sure how much they will let you fund weekly, for me it’s 50-100k but new accounts may not have as much buying power yet. If the amount isn’t enough consider a wire from your bank. Download kraken pro app and use it exclusively to buy instead of the kraken app buy now feature which charges way more in fees. The market frequently dips in September so maybe wait a couple of weeks. The only 2 coins you want to buy are BTC and KAS. Everything else is premined POS garbage, meme shit, or outdated tech.

Is it's not your life savings it's alright. Just my opinion, not advise.

Buy at ATH. Sell later.

crypto tutors are becoming a thing

• Fly to El Salvador (legal tender, tons of BTC ATMs, no KYC on small cash buys). • Scoop up sats with cash. • Bring it home, withdraw to your own wallet. • Spin up a node (Umbrel, RaspiBlitz, Start9, or just Bitcoin Core) and connect your wallet.

Ask a AI for a overview of all important aspects then expand

Start with basics: learn how blockchain works and what drives crypto value. Read "The Bitcoin Standard" for a solid foundation. Stick to established coins like Bitcoin or Ethereum, use reputable exchanges like Coinbase, and never invest more than you can lose. Research thoroughly before diving in.

Honestly, the best way to start is to learn the basics before throwing in real money. Figure out what blockchain actually is, what makes Bitcoin and Ethereum different, and how wallets work. Then set up an account on a reputable exchange (Coinbase, Binance, Kraken) just to get familiar, but also learn how to use a self-custody wallet like MetaMask or a hardware wallet for safety. Once you’re comfortable, start digging into areas you actually find interesting (DeFi, NFTs, RWAs, gaming, whatever) because it’s way easier to stick with learning when you care about the niche. If needed, I can send some good articles in the DM.

That feeling of being overwhelmed is where most people start. Asking for direction *before* investing is the smartest first move you can make. Forget buying anything for now. I'd suggest a simple 3-step learning process: 1) Focus only on understanding the 'why' behind Bitcoin and Ethereum, 2) Paper trade on a platform like TradingView to learn the mechanics with zero risk, 3) Only then, consider Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) a small amount into those two.

I started making some videos on what a bear market/Bull market/guide on bitcoin is if I live, take a look... you can find the channel link in my link

I do it all. BTC, SHIB, BONK, and PEPE. This year has been very tough, but I’m looking forward to the next bull market.

Go to binance academy they have a beginner course. I'd say creating account on a exchange is boring but buying tokens is pretty straight forward.

I would say that your question is wide open for anyone to " answer you" which means you will lose funds. I lost 1.8 million due to a scam, my education is priceless. If you are for real wanting to know what to do/ where to look for answers. I can direct. I'm beyond broke but I'm clear on legitimate trading after all this. I don't know if dm is part of this platform but try to reach out to me and I will help with out bs for you.

Best place to start is

Please just buy BTC from an American based firm, and you will be fine. Don't ask reddit, or you will get shilled a stupid meme coin like XRP or ADA.

Invest only in safe crypto at the beginning. I recommend distributing your capital between BTC, ETH and

Bitcoin, Ethereum, and XRP Buy them straight up or an ETF if you like the benefits, lower upfront fee, options, can bundle different assets I split between owning asset and ETF

Try to find the course on YouTube "blockchain and mit money". It's not fresh, but it will give you all the necessary knowledge about cryptocurrency. And it's free.

The first thing to do: educate yourself. You must study on your own by reading books to understand the problems Bitcoin solves. You'll find that you'll learn a tremendous amount about the current system, and this will only strengthen your convictions about the absolute necessity of Bitcoin. Then, as your knowledge grows, you'll be able to learn to think for yourself and make your own decisions. You'll be on your way to sovereignty!

read book broken money by Lyn Alden

As a beginner in crypto, the best starting point is to focus on education learn how blockchain works, understand the risks, and start with reputable sources and exchanges. I recommend beginning with well established platforms and trusted educators before committing significant capital.

Start by learning the basics of blockchain and how cryptocurrencies work, then choose a secure exchange to begin with small investments. Focus on risk management and never invest more than you can afford to lose.

You are simply trying to become a gambler, I mean crypto trading is same as a casino

Start investing in 1 year , we reached the top 120k bitcoin was the top.

Learn how to use a dex (decentralized exchange) preferably private if possible Get a cold wallet or hardware wallet and learn how to use it Research crypto projects on X (Twitter) different websites, Google, etc I recommend spx6900 Invest

Start investing when everyone is losing their minds, suicidal, skeptical, hopeless, scared, depressed. Thank me later

Invest in random shit, when it’s at the top sell low, listen to random people in the internet, never ever have patience, loose all your money and when you get a little back spend more of it on crypto. 🙏🏼blessings

People have already advised what I would suggest. Also fuck off anyone who tells you to buy outside of BTC and ETH. There are other good coins but you shouldn't be shilling your shit to a newbie.

You wire transfer the money to an exchange like Binance. Then you buy your crypto. I'm not giving you advise, but I allocated part of my portfolio to crypto and that all went into SOL that I'm staking. Make sure you store your crypto in cold storage.

look at the markets. Do a LOT of research before you start.

Don't overcomplicate this - open brokerage account at reputable broker like fidelity. Right in their system after you have your brokerage, go ahead and open fidelity crypto account. Move money from your checking account to fidelity brokerage. In their you can buy individual stocks like tesla or Microsoft. Or you can buy mutual funds or elf's like VOO who tracks the S&P500 and return average of 7-10% per year. Or you can move the money from the brokerage to the crypto account (both in the same system means immediate transactions) - Once money are in the crypto account you can purchase Bitcoin or ETH. Invest in these two over period of time and don't bother with other crypto. These two are your only way out. In this scenario there are No seed phrases or keys or other bull shiets like that so less chance to get scammed and get your money taken out.

Best advice don’t start!

Why tf then you "want to get" into crypto.

Bitcoin: The Million-Dollar Prophecy in the Face of the Fiat System's Twilight. The erosion of your purchasing power is not a bug in the current system; it is an essential feature for its survival.

10k into Algo, Ava or Vet? I like these Alts and they seem to be at good levels for a lot of upside vs downside. They've all earned their stripes and not rigged and are in too 100. I know shit all about the technicality of crypto btw.

Go ETH or Link my guy, atleast you'll earn something.

Just give me the mo eh if you’re so desperate to throw it away

No one knows, if they say they do, they are full of shit

I home some Algo. I really like the chain. Made so e solid gain from my entry. I think $.29 and under is a major steal long term for it

Algo has the most potential this cycle

of the three, algo.

VET, no doubt

Ehhh none of the above lol. I would probably take ALGO out of those 3 though (if I had to choose).

I'd wait for September drop and invest in eth

Vet I hold for years now

No and no and no. There are no billionaires in the top 500 using algos and day trading. The only ones that make millions is the trader / exchange on fees. Work your ass off and buy and hold

Vechain could pump and is at a pretty good range to accumulate but keep in mind if the no capital gains on American crypto law passes then vechain will underperform vs American projects.

In my opinion, if you really want to bet, go to Algo... but at the moment I would only go to BTC

None? Much better plays out there

I have been holding Algo for years since it touched 1.9 in 2021 or so. Never touched ava or vet. If I had 10k sitting around I will go with btc 90% and eth 10%. If I am pressed to consider alts, it will be LINK, Monero or UNI; these to me have their value tied to services people use now and will still use in future.

Did you mean ADA? It should be ADA.

How do you choose right Crypto platform? Hi , There are many crypto platform , choosing the right one can be tough. Some focus on security , while some focus on making investing. I recently try one platform that was secure and friendly what are the things you check before investing in platform.?

It doesn't matter, what matters is if you take it off and store it somewhere safe when you're done.

I use CEX for off-ramp then DEX for trading.

It is strongly recommended to use more than one exchange to stay safer through **diversification**. For me, **having more than one already means you’re diversified**. Only join centralized exchanges that regularly publish **proof of reserves**.

I have accounts with 4 different centralized exchanges. As far as dexes I only use 2 in order to minimize the # of dapps I connect my wallets to.

try Binance if you in Africa

I check on their global reuputation and reviews, which shows if they are trustworthy to use that platform, other than this also the fees (transaction, withdrawl and deposit).

Security first, always. If I don't trust a platform to safeguard my assets, nothing else matters. But I also look for companies that are actually building for the long term instead of just chasing hype - most of the flashy names from 2021 are gone now. On top of that, I want something useful in return for parking my capital. I'm using Nexo - I've got my bags earning daily yield while I hold through the cycles. And if I ever need liquidity, I can borrow against my assets at low rates without selling, which lets me keep stacking and growing my position. That combination of security, vision and utility is what makes the difference for me.

u choose based on projects and sponsors ...etc mainly bybit binance weex are great hit me up buddy if u needed anythin

Metal Pay for onramp and Metal X for Defi

If it's decentralised, and if it's not marked as scam.

Tbh the main thing I look at is whether a platform has actually proven it can survive rough markets. If they didn't make it through 2022 or if they came only after that - I'm not interested. Security's obviously huge too, but I also want the platform to give me real tools. On Nеxo for example, I keep my BTC and ETH earning daily yield and if I ever need cash I can just borrow against it instead of selling. That way I'm not forced out of position every time life throws an expense at me. And transparency matters - if a company hides problems, it always blows up eventually. Survivors are the ones that keep building and communicating through the chaos.

I use 5 different exchanges.

Security, fees, coin selection, and withdrawal ease. Fits HODL, DCA, or trading.

For me checklist is simple: 1. securitty (audits, regulaton, cold storage) 2. liquiditty & spreds 3. easy of use If platform nails those 3 — Im in Also important country where you live

I use cold storage for the long term and have the rest spread out over 3 different services in case one is 'experiencing technical difficulties ' When that happens I presume it is liquidity issues and bail on that platform.

I’d keep it simple.. check how safe the platform is (regulation, audits, proof of reserves), how easy it is to use, and how fast you can pull your money out if needed. Fees matter too, but I’d put trust and transparency first. If you can’t confidently withdraw anytime, it’s not worth it.

In Canada u don't have many options so I just went with the one my bank supports and has low fees

I'm getting % on the Nexo platform [ It's not much but it is honest work XD And this guys have been in the space for ever without any problems like luna or celsius. I think that most of the projects there are solid, specially the one with rewards.

I already have a few criteria — transaction fees for one, and the size of the exchange. The “big players” are much harder to break than the smaller ones, which doesn’t mean it’s impossible. My strategy is to trade across different exchanges. If one goes down, there are still 3 others left. Accordingly, I split my capital across 4 wallets to reduce the risk of a complete loss.

I like Robinhood UI and then after I have purchased a small amount, I transfer to my wallet.

I would strongly recommend to use CowSwap, its MEV protected.

1 account is enough, the rest you go through the Challenge. Choose one with a minimum spread and an interface that suits you

The Trump Shockwave + September Rate Cuts: Crypto’s End of Summer Setup August 29, 2025 Bitcoin is holding $110K. ETH can’t keep up. Solana won’t quit. The Trump family just dropped a $6.4B crypto bomb of goodness. And the Fed is about to cut rates for the first time in millions of years. Compression plus politics plus macro colliding in real time. # BTC = Compression BTC ripped to $124K, then got stuffed. Now it’s stuck. $110K to $118K. Volatility is high. Direction is missing. Above $120K = breakout, rally resumes. Below $109K = correction, risk off. Will be a testy week or so. Compression is the market loading a spring. # ETH = Tired. SOL = Strong. ETH is lagging. ETF inflows can’t push ETH/BTC higher. Dominance is stretched. Structure is bullish, but tired. Solana is leading. SOL has relative strength. SOL ecosystem coins are catching volume. When the market is indecisive, relative strength is the tell. Alts overall? Classic late cycle. They pump, they fade, they die. No follow through. They need coat tails to ride. # Trump = Shockwave Trump Media + Crypto dot com = $6.4B digital asset treasury. CRO doubled. American Bitcoin ABTC, backed by Trump’s sons, is **listing on Nasdaq in September**. This is politics wiring into crypto at scale. This headline won’t fade. It’s sticky flow. Sticky flow drives trades. # September = Rate Cuts The Fed is cutting. Powell Vader hinted at Jackson Hole. Sith Lord Waller confirmed it. Futures are pricing it at almost 90%. 25 bps mid September.\* First cut of the cycle. More to come. Liquidity coming back into the system. Liquidity is the real rocket fuel. BTC will feel it first. ETFs will feel it second. Alts will ride if BTC clears its gate. \*By the time we get there, a ton of the action will already be priced in. Will be important to be careful on rate decision day. # ETFs = Fuel. Regulation = Chop. ETF inflows are alive. BTC ETFs +80M. ETH ETFs +300M. Institutions still buying dips. Regulation is alive too. SEC has a new enforcer. Treasury and CFTC want public feedback. Rulebook not finished. Market already trading on it (pricing it in). Fuel plus chop. That’s the rhythm of late August. # Blueprint for the Crawl Watch the BTC gates: 109K and 120K. Favor SOL until ETH gets its legs back. Don’t fade Trump headlines. Narrative plus politics is sticky. Rate cuts mean liquidity. Liquidity means risk on. Heavy trades wait for September resolution. Q4 is shaping up to be a total barn burner. Which is the setup for 2026. This is not a quiet August. Spring is coiling. **Compression + politics + macro + liquid = liftoff.** *Series7trader* *100% Human generated content.* *Not financial advice. Do your own research.*

Btc can go beyond ath again and can still crash and go below 90k and still cross ATH. Your posts provide no actual clarity except mere speculation which people already know.

Honestly I'm really tired to see the fucking "Trump" surname everywhere all the time as a relevant variable of my daily life.

Why are u posting this?

This is one of the best breakdowns I've seen. The compression on BTC is obvious - $109K/$120K is the whole game short term. Trump headlines aren't going anywhere and with rate cuts basically confirmed, liquidity's about to pour back in. Feels like Q4 is set up for fireworks. SOL showing relative strength is the big tell right now, but if BTC clears that $120K gate the whole market gets rocket fuel. Until then, safest move is just sitting tight, letting the stack earn on Nexо and waiting for the breakout.

Does this mean good things for alt coins season or alt coins in general?

Excited for CRO. I think it's going to $5 to be #3 coin.

Feds aren't cutting rates.

Bot bullshit

classic ETH bear narrative

What is the use case for SOL besides memecoins?

This post = absolute 🐂 shit ✓

WC!! BTC, ETH, SOL, XRP IS GOING TO GO UP!!!🎯💯

SOL is goated. I know ETH fan boys will get mad. But I believe most institutions will choose SOL and already are. There's enough for everyone. But SOL, BTC and ETH are the holy trinity that will pave the way to a stable crypto future.

Thoughts on XRP? XRP is holding up about 50% of my portfolio at the moment. I see so many mixed reviews about XRP and it’s kinda got me a bit worried. Half of people say XRP is going to end up worthless, while the other half says it’s going to be as valuable as bitcoin if all goes well with Ripple. What do you guys think about XRP? Is it a good investment? Should I go into more secure investments like Ethereum ? Thanks !

Everyone here saying its awful is holding bags of something else. Everyone saying its great has bags of XRP. You will never get a good answer on here, at least not one you can trust.

Here's one way to think about it: Ripple Labs holds 46 billion tokens; at $3 per token that should make the company worth at least $130 billion dollars. But what do the private equity markets value the company at? The answer is about $10 billion. So, private equity investors think that the tokens are worth about 30 cents. I will leave it up to you to decide who is right, the incredibly sophisticated, professional private equity investors or the XRP Army.

People who are emotionally attached to their choice are going to decry everything that isn't their coin. Its embarrassing how some behave but I suppose thats because they are so attached to the money they have put into their asset. I'm into Xrp and many other coins, I put in what I won't miss and thats it. If it moons fantastic, if they don't then I will wait and hope but I won't be broke. Xrp has survived the Sec lawsuit, it has so many backers and signed a deal with Bny Mellon, it has released its stablecoin and multiple ETFS have been filed. This doesn't come across as anything other than Xrp becoming a major player. The reverse carry trade with Japan is going to see Crypto needed as well. People hate it for some reason, like really hate it. But everyone hated BTC and crypto as a whole. But look how thats going!! Do you bud, read up, watch, go with your gut and hope for the best. Never mind the rest who shout this and that.

From my personal experience, ur too late. You should have been buying in 2022-2024. Buying now means ur buys tops. If your unsure, sell. Simple as that. Don't hold something longterm u have no conviction in. You don't buy in bull markets, u buy in bear markets. If u wanna play the game correctly, wait for the crash at the end of 2026, and buy weekly for 52 weeks post crash. I was buying XRP $50 a week from 2022-end of 2024 when trump got elected. You can imagine what happened to my portfolio post election results. 😉

IMO if you understand how and why bitcoin works and you have conviction, then there is no way you can have conviction in holding XRP.

XRP is for people that don’t understand blockchain, banking or economics but think they do.

People will shit on it and talk about how it doesn’t represent what crypto should be but you can’t deny that it can make you money.

Ripple seems like the first digital asset treasury company. [This is about to unleash the bots]. They created an Escrow that they cannot legally alter. It release 1 billion XRP monthly [no they aren’t dumping because no charts reflect this price movement FUD]. Anyways, bears are going to be crying hard soon [ever notice the mass hate XRP receives]..

It's a worthless pile of garbage.

What's the harm in holding, right? I'm sitting on a fairly big bag, but I guess I'll just hold it. It's not hurting anybody and who knows.

Buy it or don’t. You do you.

Strong manipulation by centralized few. The money we put in are kept for those deep pockets who can dump easily and still earns from a lot.

Central minded greedy . This isn’t good for small investors. Got to put millions to win just like the centralized whales.

Xrp solves a trillion dollar problem for institutions and has already partnered with so many large names it's not too late to buy more. The community sucks tbh, but my bags are packed. A reminder it's one of the only 3 crypto trump named to be used by the US Treasury. They just released an XRP credit card with MasterCard and Gemini. They bought payment rails and are now poised to take over the entire financial system. I actually believe in another 10 years we will see Xrp eclipse Bitcoins value by numbers we will continue to be shocked by. Best part is you'll never have to spend it, through staking or even "renting" it out to the institutions that need it you'll be able to generate passive income. Lock in.

My thoughts are that it's the scammiest of all scams and it's controlled by some of the biggest hucksters in the world. No one even knows how much XRP exists, there is no way to independently audit it, and the monetary policy is whatever a small cabal of scamsters say ot is on any given day. I can't even imagine holding it.

“The other half say it’s going to be as valuable as bitcoin” There is 21 million bitcoin there is 100 billion xrp 100,000,000,000 / 21,000,000 = 4,762 Bitcoin current price 109,773 109,773 / 4,762 =23.0519 When Ripple reaches the value of Bitcoin it will be 23 dollars

50% is too much of your portfolio, bottom line.

Get out asap.

Fun fact about XRP. Do you know that the last time XRP was oversold was in July of 2024 at about 40 cents? It never went down since then. Now trades at about $3. Congrats to us holders. AIOZ is next, watch the pattern. Good buying point now. Watch out in the next year or two.

Literally 2 months ago everyone was saying ETH was dead…. The same thing about XRP pre November when it was $0.50 … In the meantime XRP is up 384% over the last year ETH is up 64.1% over the last year It seems like you're listening to bad information sources as well - you want to curate your information and not just emotionally invest in the ridiculous end of hopium or the doomer end of fear

I agree that a lot of other chains have better tech. Chainlink actually does what XRP cheerleaders claim XRP will do in the "future". But XRP has one of the strongest communities. I see it almost as a meme coin. I think it'll do fine, but will definitely be outperformed by other chains.

high mkcap shitcoin

So much emotion here. Just look at the numbers.

XRP is a love/hate kind of relationship

What you are describing is nothing new. That was always the sentiment in XRP .

Man idk at this point I would just hold onto your xrp and invest in cardano, xlm, hbar, really anything you believe in under a dollar

Cost basis and investment intent? Is this a long term hodl till it (hopefully moons) or are you going to ride it out and bail when it hits a certain price? I think it's a good bet for this rally because of all the regulatory attention its been getting last year, and with the way corporate interests are getting aligned to use it as a digital currency. As to whether it's a "real" crypto currency play (promising decentralization, anonymity and security) it seems a little suss to me. As a digital currency it shows promise, but it's whole centralized ledger takes a bit of shine off it's promise as a leading crypto currency - but that's my opinion, and Im not sure the rest of the market cares what I think.

Remember inverse Reddit typically works

My opinion is that it will grow, probably at a slightly faster rate than BTC. Annually If BTC goes up 50%, xrp may do around 75%. I don't believe the hype that it will 100x. But that doesn't mean it's a bad investment, 75% is still a good return if you have enough invested.

Get out and buy BTC and ETH.

XRP hasn’t even come close to its true potential but it and then buy some more!

The reason I have not bought into xrp is that I read up on it and didnt feel like we need it. I personally only invest into stuff where I can go "yes this is useful" I don't buy stuff that others tell me to buy.

I think it has potential, but I have nothing to back my gut feeling

Tokenomics are garbage.

Oh it’s not a scam. Everything is likely to run up to the end of the year. If you’re worried, swap half (or all) to ETH.

WELL if you really want to know , just mho, I will never hold XRP any more, I believe it simply is not in the U.S. interest to support it in any way although they apparently do it will never have a fair shot to lead as one of the best projects, if it did the US gov wouldn’t have any way to control it , to much foreign weight on it on the other hand we have US based ETFs priorities that will for sure come before XRPs to start with

The problems with XRP are numerous. There is no proof of work mechanism, it is not a competition driven open monetary network that anyone can participate in. He can create infinite tokens out of thin air. The entire insider team has been dumping their coins since day 1. That is big a red flag

I got out of XRP when I realized no system is going to make so many people THAT wealthy. Low cap coins are the best bet crypto...the comment that woke me up with xrp is it has a higher valuation than PayPal with minimal real world utility. I expect someday it may hit $5...but I also expect someday for it to hit $1. The question for both is when...

Hold long term and we’ll be very happy 😁

Can i invest in bio coin plz guide

Ask yourself. Do you personally use XRP for something, or do you know anyone, or any company that are buying XRP to use it for something? If not ... perhaps it might just as well go to zero because there is no point in holding it in the end.

Ripple as a company has its fingers in a f*ck load of pots and intimately tied with the WEF and Bill&Melinda Gates Foundation and their elbow rubbers. At this point Ripple is setting up XRP to be utilized for a percentage of the projected $4 trillion cross border payments market share world wide by 2030. One coin can be utilized multiple times prior to burn. Things may get interesting.

Obviously going to go back to $3.5 price target. Buy in DCA under $3 and then sell 95% of it at $3.5, and rotate to BTC. Nothing else is going to give you free money like XRP fanboys aping in as price climbs again. XRP is a shit coin and doesn’t even have a fully functional product. Make money, not loyalty to your bags. Otherwise might as buy a shitload of Spell or Pengu and make more money than XRP.

Depends why you're holding it for. Hodl ain't going to help . Unless you're holding below 0.50 cents a piece. Xrp could potentially go a little higher. But imo it ain't going parabolic anymore. 4 to 5 dollars is the max. But xrp is a good way to make money on. I am holding a couple of bags. 1 contains roughly 100k coins with an average price below 25 cents.. 1 with an average of 50 cents a piece. Those are for the long term. And those have funded my current 2 bags. Wich I use to buy and sell on the dip/top. Every time it hits the top earns me a dollar the coin. And the best part is it's coming down to around 2 dollars. To start the process again. And every dollar profit is going back in. So I'll roughly add 1/3 of coins to the bag every single time. Expending my bag significantly. Off course we hope it will go parabolic like Wayfinder did last week. Making 34 euro cents per coin. With an average of 0.010 buy in. Or the Trump coin. At a few cents a piece and cashing out around 65 dollars a coin.

It's a meme stock. Has no utility. But can pump based on narratives. Will it's technology be the underpinning of web 3.0? No. Will it be seen as a global store of value? No. Does anyone actually use the chain? No. Could it pump again? Sure. Could it go to almost 0 in a year or 2 ? Sure. Do what you want with that information.

Are you calm knowing that at any moment they can create more xrp?

If the first half is saying it’s gonna be as valuable as bitcoin lol then the other half is whom I would believe more. It will prolly go up some more but its value less at the end of day

how can u call a crypto a scam if it wins over SEC? make no sense to me.

Get off reddit and do your own research via whitepapers and reports of institutional adoption/support - reddit is just an echo chamber of "my coin is best yours is trash"

I'm mostly invested in stocks etc. but I know XRP is not the move.

Just think about it this way: In 2017 they predicted XRP would go to $1000. It ran from $0.20 all the way to $3.80 and shills were flooding feeds claiming it was going to much much higher. Fast forward to today, almost 9 years later and the price is very similar to what it was then. The sentiment was exactly the same then, and some holders have taken 8+ years to recover their investment and break even. ***The real question is will you become the next millionaire or will you become the next bag holder…. Only time will tell***

Thats why nobody talks much about XRP, it’s centralized, its good for the big banks but not for every small investors.

Don’t hold it, Just trade it. Chart analysis is easy for XRP at the moment.

I don't think about xrp

Congratulations to everyone who made money on XRP, but it's a Ripple Fan token. Although Ripple Laboratories may offer an interesting infrastructure, the token is completely redundant. Change all your XRP for Chainlink, while it's still worth something.

XRP takes up the majority of my portfolio too. I’d hodl until it hits $8-$10. Then reevaluate and maybe change some of your investments around. Only buy Eth if you want next to no gains… Look at the chart for Eth prior to this bull run, it is sad

If it was me, just HODL. ignore the haters.

Practical advice when the planet panics, I buy so I'm crazy according to you 🤌🤌🤌🤌

I'd say bullish. You see how many XRP ETFs are gonna pop up in October? For maximum plays make sure to wait a few months and by the top of the peak, then wait for the end of the dump to sell

My thoughts on XRP. I paid .13 sud each in 2017. Sold.at $3.00 each. Made very good money. Now i own zero and have no desire to own any more. Its the worst performing coin in the top 100. Why buy a coin that does do anything when most i know are making 100% minimum daily gains trading solana meme coins. Its mind blowing easy to do. Many days while at work, I make 500% gains. Some get all excited when they say XRP with 10X.....when? I 10X every week. So even if or when XRP does its thing, i wont be one of those braggin about making 10X. I will be one of those laughing at those XRP guys pour performance gains

People have been saying it’s going to $10 since 2017

If you don't know why you're holding something, you'll get scared out of it easily. XRP has many use cases so is very valuable.

Xrp is DEFINITELY going UP. At least wait ETF, don't sell before 😂

For me, yes it is good investment and i prefer to keep my bags on Nexo to earn a bit more

Here's the biggest worry about XRP in the very near future. One word. GOOGLE. Google is building a XRP killer. [

# Do not be fooled by the paid influencers, the manipulated headlines, or the desperate hope for a 100x return. More details in this article: [**The Great XRP Deception: Why You Are the Exit Liquidity for a Failing Project**](

Personally… put most of your money into bitcoin, and leave a mid percentage in xrp. You’ll feel better long term.

it is owned by a company that has leaders a board ect so it cannot be money. best rule of thumb for crypto if there is one dude leading the project it is not robust enough to be money or valuable

To avoid... it's the opposite of crypto philosophy

lol ur worried? brad the garlic house is having private dinners at mar a lago and being appointed to the “crypto council”. i had doubts for about 5 min in 2020 upon learning what it could really do. and that was only bc of all the fud. when every one said it was a stable coin at .25. thank God i was able to hodl. the entire iso20022 system has been amazing to me. do NOT sell your xrp. other ppl just want it at a discount. maybe not ppl in this thread. but larry fink wants it. if he wants it, its prob goin up n right.

400% Apr year to date - what the fuck is mater with you fuck heads

Don't listen to the fud. You'll regret it

It’s a scam

Its a cult coin, buy the dips and resell a week later - not a long term holder. Ignore the XRP shillers, the only ones that are speaking reason are the people that will actually provide reasons that don’t sound like “XRP is actually about to solve the cure for cancer, don’t go crying when I’m right and you’re wrong.”

Noone knows what its going to do, from the recent history it will be more of the same price around $3 for a long time

. Are you a Christian and have you heard of the Brandon Biggs XRP prophecy and the Kim Clement "X_P" prophecy?

It all depends on when you bought, most people bought (read the haters) when it was $2.50; if you purchased at $0.50 you are doing great, if you bought at $2.50- not so much 🤣

Im holding xrp but Im liking my SOL better at this time.

I highly suggest asking ChatGPT questions like “how high can XRP reach in the next 5 years?” , “what are the chances of XRP reaching 100$ in the next 5 years?” and alike. It will break it down for you mathematically and tell you what is possible and what is extremely unlikely. Some Redditors dislike this option but also be aware some Redditors don’t know anything about crypto at all and *need to believe* they will get rich with XRP. And also PLEASE be aware total supply for BTC is only *21 million in the world*. That alone puts BTC at a very different place than heavy majority of coins. XRP has a total supply of 100 BILLION. So to say “people were critical of BTC early on too” is a majorly flawed comparison. P.S. I invest in XRP too. But a small amount I can risk to lose.

No community shills more and knows less than people that own XRP imo. I think it is a Garbo, but that doesn’t mean it can’t make you money though. Depends if you want to invest of hype or actual good projects.

Just lend stables on Stellar and make great returns…. no need to worry about crypto prices.

Its maxed out

Brother take some advice from a fellow XRP cult member, sell don’t be greedy, don’t make the same mistake I made numerous times, sit on the whole bag in USD. Wait for BTC correction down to the support band 90-95k rotate the whole bag into ALGO, (Algorand) sub 20 cents down to 12 might not get to 12 don’t worry about drawdown, hold till alt season, and sell at 1.60$ up to $2.50 easy 10x and very high probability. Xrp will only do 100-150% max as it already performed very well. PS, how do I set a reminder to come back to this message in 6 months?

XRP is for bag holders

The people who say its awful actually been around awhile and know the history. If its just a trade you are fine, if its an “investment”, yikes.

Have you done no research yourself? Don’t outsource financial decisions to Reddit

It doesn't matter what coin you're talking about, if today it's the scourge of the industry and anyone who buys it is a fool, then tomorrow it will be the bee's knees, the dog's bollocks and you will have wealth between the dreams of avarice in no time. It's not just crypto. It happens in the same way with shares. Oh, and eggs are good for you. Tomorrow they'll be poisonous. And so on. Crypto has the extra 'fun' of certain people here on Reddit telling everybody that all crypto is a giant scam and they're fools to be involved. This isn't a coin that's attracted my attention so I haven't done any research on it, but I'd make these general observations: 1. As we're constantly being told, don't invest more than you can afford to lose. One of the things you can do to manage your risk is to have a diversified portfolio with a range of coins with different purposes. 50% is a lot on a single coin and a lot to lose if things go wrong. 2. Use any advice you're given as a pointer to where to start your own research. I always ask negative questions like "why has X got such bad press most of the time?" If all is well you'll struggle to get much feedback. On the other hand if you ask something like "What's the price of X at the end of the year going to be?" I bet the 'articles' you find are really advertising copy. That's my experience anyway. 3. Trust your intuition. If your gut says "NOOOOOO" listen to it. Good luck, whatever you decide

XRP is not a security which means Ripples profit and success is not directly tied to XRP. When you own stock in a company if the value of the company goes up 50% the value of the stock you're holding goes up 50%. This however is not the case with XRP. I think a lot of people are going to be left dumbfounded when Ripple goes public and shoots up in value while XRP remains stagnant. *If you look at the charts all of the OG altcoins like XRP, ADA, HBAR, etc they all pump at the same damn time. The exchanges strategically pump them to attract new investors who feel safer investing in more seasoned projects.*

just sell that shi and watch it for any possible big jumps your missing out on so many other gains

The smartest people in the world scream everyday on TikTok saying the government wants your XRP These geniuses are humanities greatest hope They let you know that your XRP is rare They let you know that market cap all of a sudden doesn't matter They let you know that a hundred billion supply is equal to zero and extremely limited and rare and it will disappear very soon. So it's the smartest people mankind has ever created are saying XRP is rare and you need to buy more and never sell that's all you need to know XRP to the moon Lambo

I think it is overvalued and undervalued at the same time

Let’s put it this way, XRP has always been all hype because it’s a “coin for the banks”. Now we are seeing banks making their own coin, proving that plan A failed for xrp. Plan B is for ripple to become a bank themselves, but even that is proving harder and harder. The whole idea of this crypto stuff is to bypass banks to begin with. So what is the point of XRP again?

The ledger starts at like 32,000 - what took place before that?

Absolute load of horsecrap

How many active daily users does it have? How many financial institutions use it? Where is the adoption? How can the world banks run on it with its slow TPS? Look at the tokenomics. What are your thoughts on it? The fundamentals matter. I see nothing to suggest it has a bright future. The recent massive pump came largely out of Korea did it not? Why? As a short term trade it was worth a small bet back when it was delisted due to SEC action with the idea it would pump a little when the SEC lost or withdrew. Now that’s on the past, so where is the adoption? If you compare it to SOL for instance, at least you can point to massive numbers of of users, lots of TVL, fast TPS, lots of developers, several treasury companies and funds announced, on-chain activity, etc. So whether you like or hate SOL, it has lots of metrics you can point to as proof of vitality so to speak. Where is that for XRP, or hell for cardano and polkadot at this point?

Vitalik estimates 20% chance current cryptography will be broken in less than 4 years Every 3 months, the estimates draw closer. Even a 3% chance will cause people to exit, and that is likely the risk estimate 2 years out. This is not crypto fud. This is a worldwide issue. While I learned about this from holding QANX, I have come to believe it is better if BTC starts working on this and avoids catastrophe. They are going after completely different markets, and I know btc holders aren't going to rush over to another project even if bitcoin truly is being compromised. They would be more likely to exit crypto altogether. Which is why I can support an alt coin and still want btc to navigate this threat. QANX is going after business utility/web3 with their chain which enables 100x more devs to start building because they solved the limitations most projects face- one or two very restricted programming languages. But they knew that if you don't plan for post-quantum cryptography, you will have a giant mess. They aren't even the ones making the headlines or raising up the issue. It is everywhere, from governments to major companies like IBM Nvidia Google.

if you look into it the qbits currently is not even remotely close to what it would take to break btc or any crypto. Further to that, if quantum computers did get to the point where it could break btc, then it could probably break banks, govt, military, the stock market, etc, nothing would actually be safe, there would be a world wide catastrophe, idk why people seem to think crypto is the only concern here. Every few months someone says, quantum is gna get there, and a few months later, quantum doesn’t do shit, and hasn’t done shit for a long time. Look at it realistically, it’s likely Google will be the first to actually build a real quantum computer, how long that will take no one knows, at that point, not only should btcs network be upgraded, but the entirety of the world should be as well. Point is, as quantum evolves, so will quantum security, the fact that we’ve seen nothing esp banks and military take steps to advance quantum security shows that it’s not even considered a threat at this point

The day quantum computers are able to break ECDSA, BTC is fd. Not because BTC cannot switch to another crypto algorithm, thats not gonna be a technical issue. The problem is, there is many wallets with lost keys, so the owners could not just send their tokens to a new secure wallet. Especially something like Satoshi wallet with 1M BTC in there. It will increase supply by a huge amount and crash the price at least 20%, and many people will panic sell, it might actually be the death of BTC as we know it.

Yeah so that's 2030, what about 2035?

If it were true and in 5 years Bitcoin would still be in fashion, breaking the keys and getting hold of those 'tokens' would be a major security flaw.

This is a legit concern imo. What are the options? What needs to even happen to make the entire world quantum proof?

Let’s go CKB!

my estimate is 27.3 % in less than 5.2 years.

As long as you update and stay up to date your safe. People behind this stuff worry for you.

I’m just going to give you some very simple and easy to follow advice. If something happens to BTC and it crashes, the entire crypto ecosystem is coming with it. Even if later on something better forms from the dust. Everything will trend towards 0 during the initial crash.

Quantum computers are the boogeyman under crypto's bed, and Vitalik just said there's a \\(20\\%\\) chance it'll get out.

What is the adoption of cryptocurrency worldwide? If I were someone with bad intentions with this (quantum) power, I would look elsewhere, where there would be less security. You have your answer.

Only if given infinite time and resources. Remember, it's still brute force not some magical formula.

**Physical qubit** counts have been roughly doubling every year or two, and are on track to “break cryptography”, specifically SHA-256, by about 2030. Everybody freak the fuck out!!! Except breaking SHA-256 and similar requires *logical* qubits, too, which are growing or progressing or scaling whatever in the opposite direction; the pace is slowing. The development of **logical qubits** is such that it will never break SHA-256. Tl;Dr really? You can’t read that?

So there's an 80% chance that everything will go well, right?

Article says 2030, so why are you saying less than 4? lol

They panic and sell, creating amazing sale prices, I buy as much as I can, become even wealthier, rinse and repeat.

That's why qubic is the future

Give me the previous ATH on ADA, VET, and CSPR and I’m selling everything and going back to the S&P. Please make that happened. After that I don’t care.

Yeah, quantum risk is real even a small chance can shake confidence if people think wallets could be cracked. That’s why projects like $WHITE, tied to regulated real-world assets, feel safer long-term since adoption doesn’t rely only on hype.

Stick to Bitcoin. It’s currently quantum safe if you don’t re-use your addresses (and avoid using taproot) and BIP-360 will provide quantum safe addresses too.

Help/Feedback Hello Everyone, I just started getting into crypto seriously for about a week or two, I still having some doubts but I keep doing research to get better. But the one thing that I still have the most doubt is the taking the profit part. Ill give you guys a couple of examples that happened to me in the last two weeks. Last week my portfolio went up around 2% ( it was around 79 USDC to be exact) and in that moment I thought to myself, that is pretty good , let me take the profits ( I know they’re small ) I sold the BTC and the ETH ( to the amount of profit ) I still have around 2k invested in BTC and around 1k in ETH, so thats still there. Today the same thing happened to me again, my portfolio was almost 2% ( around 70 USDC ) up and I decided to not the the profits, some time passed and itd already down 0.99% ( 34.63 USDC). My question is , should I take these small profits, convert them to USDC, wait for the lows and invest them into BTC, ETH, or any other coin, or should I leave the money go up and down and let “ nothing happen “ Thanks for your feedback and help to those who will help

Best thing you can do when buying bitcoin and ETH is buy the shit and forget about it dude. I’ve been in BTC since $6,000 and ETH since $100. trust me set it and forget it. Now if you’re trading shit coins watch it or you’ll regret it and if it goes up alot after you sell don’t calculate how much you could have made because thats when you start chasing that money you “could” have made

Trading is a art. Along with research and updated news. It's actually a difficult practice if inexperienced. You can get wiped out quickly if you don't know how to navigate and take proper winnings. BTC and ETH are the safest places but they are for long term holds. Also, remember, there's taxes to short term trading as you're winning. Usually a 5% gain doesn't actually give you much after taxes.

Best Bitcoin and Crypto Exchanges in August 2025 by Bitcoin.com |Rank|Exchange|Notable Strengths| |:-|:-|:-| |1|Binance|$2.2T in Q1 spot volume; 35.4% Q2 market share; 1,829 trading pairs| |2|Bitget|$2.08T Q1 volume; 159% QoQ spot growth; 120M users; Q2 surge| |3|Coinbase|6200% YoY derivatives growth; Deribit acquisition; U.S. compliance| |4|Bybit|$3.61B March inflow; $14.9B TVL; $11.1B July perpetual volume| |5|Kraken|$283M daily volume; 13M+ users; NinjaTrader deal; Launching L2 blockchain| |6|BitMart|12M users; 120% spot growth; Copper ClearLoop integration|

The Bitcoin Investor's Dilemma: Why Your Greatest Enemy is the Mirror.

I need some advice So I’m 19 years old and have really been interested by crypto coins and am looking to start buying some coins. I have about $400 I’m willing to put into crypto and possibly lose but I’m not sure which coins to start with. Im not too concerned with losing the money either I just don’t know how far $400 will get me with crypto or which coins to put it into. Please give me your best advice

I think we just broke a world record and created the first Reddit thread where everyone agrees 😂 loving it

Just dollar cost average into bitcoin. And leave it in forever and you’ll be rich before ur 35th birthday

ETHA Ethereum ETF. Set it and forget it

With the amount you're putting in, you need to just start with boring Bitcoin and ETH. You can get cute with shit next cycle, but if you're just starting out I would argue you should just be safe.

Unfortunately first time crypto investors make the mistake of doing too little research before investing and jump into the market during the peak of a bullrun, buy the top of the market, and then the market reverses and u lose everything. You’re better off putting your money in a “safe”, appreciating asset like Bitcoin, which is literally the most profitable asset that’s ever existed.

Aerobud!! A crypto with an actual real world cause to help animals in need!

The amount of Bitcoin Maxi’s on this app is kind of wild to me. While I do believe Bitcoin will be a staple for years to come, it’s also nearing the top of this cycle and is more than likely going to plummet after this bull run. Now, not financial advice and NOT trying to support the guy, per se, but you need to follow the money. Trump and fam have been investing in coins like ADA (Cardano), CRO (Crypto.com, they hold 19% as of a few days ago), LINK (Chainlink) and XRP. Just to name a few. I’d begin by doing your own research. Possibly starting with those coins and then make YOUR OWN educated purchases from what you learn. Lastly, look into cycles and teach yourself the Elliot Wave Theory, as best you can and quickly because I do think a cycle top is is very near.

If you're willing to take some risk as you said, try investing $200 into some of the bigger coins like BTC and the rest into shitcoins. You'll probably lose that money but maybe you'll gain some experience

Gigachad thank me in 3 months

Check out hundred 💯 the safest crypto with its 100 hour code no scammers or hackers can take ur funds, if u click on a phishing link your crypto will be gone. Find us at HundredCoin.io or follow me on x or tick tock under lovehundred. Just be very careful

You can always start at 400 and add more weekly monthly whenever you get a chance. My favorite coin is Toshi Coin. You may want to check them out, people are expecting a lot out of them over the next couple of months. There’s also a huge following on Reddit for Toshi just search for it. Anyways, good luck.

just use bitcoin as a savings account, there will always be an addressable market for btc. other coins not so sure

Get kaspa coin

Do your future self a favor and buy VOO instead of random ass coins

Forget the shitcoins, study only Bitcoin

Start small, research solid projects like Bitcoin or Ethereum, avoid hype coins, and only invest what you can afford losing.

Buy Bitcoin and put it in a wallet and research a good way of storing your seed phrase. After that, delete said wallet, stop any browsing of crypto subs and keep accumulating forever.

Learn more about safe storage. Lots of different crypto coins will be successful. Gotta know how to store the wealth securely. Hardware wallets and self custody.

Ski mask dog $ski

I would suggest first getting some knowledge on crypto first before plunging in... A good way of doing this is by finding communities of like-minded individuals that will help you gain much knowledge on the subject at hand. I could direct you to a group that I am involved in

Don't mistake me for being an expert. That's a tough question for all of us. I'd go 75% XRP + 25% BTC. Or go the other way around 25% XRP + 75% BTC. 50/50? Okay. I am not sure what is a better hedge. I say XRP because it is cheap right now in comparison to BTC and only moves by a penny or three....or thirty. BTC can easily offset that but it moves in price swings of $10K (rough guess) at a time. Don't sweat bullets over the short term. Just get in for what you can afford and sit on it.

What you're describing is gambling. You need to learn the basics. Learn what it means to DCA. Learn your principles in the space. You need to learn to deal with volatility. You need to learn what it means to have conviction. What it means to believe in something.

Invest in #Qubic

No kidding. This is the whole-est thread I have seen on reddit. Great advice and 90% of comments agree that it is too early to going into staking activities and the best route is focus on btc and eth.

Bitcoin is going to become more and more scarce. But as much as you can and HODL.

1. **Start with the majors** – Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) are the safest entry points because they have the strongest track record, liquidity, and adoption. 2. **Never go all-in on hype coins** – Avoid chasing memecoins or unknown projects unless it’s a small “fun” amount.

Just put 40 40 20 in BTC, ETH and SOL.

Start by splitting your $400 between safer long-term assets like BTC and ETH. Learn about dollar-cost averaging so you’re not buying all at once. Use this as a learning experience rather than chasing fast gains.

You can try to set a crypto wallet of your preference and then buy some BTC and ETH for now. Just in the process of installing a wallet, deposit funds and then buying the assets (BTC and ETH) you'll learn so much. It can be a bit scary at first since you'll be the sole responsible for this to happen, so take caution, but this is also at makes crypto so liberating. Once you feel comfortable with this process, you'll start to find ways to maximize your assets by staking, farming, borrowing and investing. Good luck and enjoy!

Buy $200 of BTC and $200 of ETH. Then, dca into both moving forward.

You can buy one TAO. Worth it.

split it to btc,bnb,sol,xrp,ada,bgb😊

Spend that money on educating yourself about the crypto space and how to safely navigate it without getting scammed or losing your keys

Put it all into KAS - Kaspa solid investment that could make you alot from those 400 in some years research KAS and see if you dont see future potential, and if you do it is a solid start on your journey

Bro just put a few bucks into bitcoin every now and again. 10 yrs you’ll be good 15 you’ll be better

Ethereum. Wait for it to go under 3k, buy in, stake it. Wait ten years, you’re golden

Bonk Bonk bonk …

Am I gonna be banned for shilling ? You can start mining btc with less.

Bro if you want advice . First learn how Crypto currency 💲💲 work then try to master any one strategy or any one type of trading like i preferred ICT trading. And then your focus should be on risk management because many people lose money without any proper risk management and then do demo trading and jump on real crypto trading . I have grown my account from 2k to 23k . I can provide my full story and guide if I get enough reply .

Be careful and DYOR

hit me up buddy .... im gonna fully share my list with u also hmmmm all coins is based on utility and tech so its not random

If you put this money into SPX6900, you might 100x this this cycle and possibly 1000x in couple for years. Really suggest you check it out! Can send you more info about this movement as well if needed.

Best bet is to either save up a few thousand more or DCA that 400 into a top crypto and continue dca'ing into it

Right now we are in a wave 4 so its gonna be a few weeks before we bottom somewhere in the 80k region. Waiting is trading. Learn where you are going to sell. Focus in selling NOT buying. Any idiot can buy. Extremely few know how to sell. Most people are in this group because they are underwater sitting in losses and did not sell.

Safe bets Btc eth Afterwards you can also go to Sol, Sui, hbar....

What is your favorite platform to use like Coinbase or Robin Hood or crypto.com?

Go to vegas. That’s a better bet.

$400 = 133 XRP would be your Best Buy. Bitcoin might go to 20m a coin. That’d make your $400 $80,000 probably in 20 years. For XRP to work how it is built it needs to be $10,000 minimum a coin and its $3 right now. That’d make 133 coins 1.3 million. Just gotta HODL.

The Cryptocurrency Scam continues with $Trump If I print out my own fake currency, I’ll be arrested as a criminal. However, if I make a digital version, leave it on my website and call it cryptocurrency, it is considered innovative, limited and decentralized! It’s a strange world that we live in now. Where the President can make his own currency. It’s corruption at the highest level. Just a fancy way for politicians, bankers and regulators to steal people’s money. The creators of Bitcoin remain anonymous. That should tell everyone all that they need to know about it. No one creates something of great value and hides away from it.

The USA president is a criminal in all the possible ways.

Sounds like someone just learned about meme coins

Dont forget $MELANIA which is 90% owned by insiders pr something like that. Disgusting

It's not a currency. That is just a colloquial term. It is a digital asset, by law, and that is all that matters. You can make your own note akin to a fiat currency note, print it, and call it a collectible item, not currency, and that would be legal. Unless your design is very intentionally meant to confuse people. You should also ask why ALL media is still calling it cryptocurrency, as it technically is not.

The creators of bitcoin remain anonymous… Do you say that bitcoin itself is also a scam , just like Trumpcoin? Or did i misunderstood?

This is why we DCA spx6900

Do we really need news about it? At this point embryos are aware it's a scam

The reason the cryptocurrency is legal is because your not trying to recreate something that is already trademarked by the government, your making a new currency not a copy of another

Huh? Every celebrity crypto is a scam. Has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with lack of education and greed from both seller and buyer.

Where can I trade crypto without an annoying KYC? I’m tired of waiting days just to pass KYC only to get rejected or asked for 3 more documents lol. I get the point of security but man it kills all momentum when you just wanna trade quickly. Are there any good platforms where you can skip all that nonsense and just start trading right away? Feels like every time I get excited to try a new exchange, I hit the same wall: endless forms, selfies at weird angles, and random “review in progress” messages. It kinda defeats the whole point of crypto being fast and borderless. It would be nice to just connect and trade without jumping through hoops.

this kept me from buying btc in 2015.. can you believe it..

Hyperliquid and edgeX are solid options if you’re looking for on-chain stuff. Both let you trade without the usual exchange KYC hurdles.

DEX ... Literally the entire point of crypto 🤷🏻‍♂️

Grvt literally has no KYC, I would just rip that if you're looking for something quick and easy

dexes are the easiest just connect your wallet and trade without kyc

coinex is an option

Mexc requires no kyc

Retoswap for xmr

p2p platforms like bisq or hodlhodl work if you really wanna avoid kyc

Blofin has no kyc

A lot of shady scam sites offer this service. Good luck 👍

BTCC it even allows you to leverage trade stocks with no lyc

Some people get around that by using DEXs like Uniswap, PancakeSwap, or dYdX.. no KYC, just connect a wallet and trade. You’ll pay gas fees and need to watch for scams, but it’s fast and anonymous. For CEXs, there are still a few smaller ones with light KYC, but liquidity/safety can be a trade off. If you just want quick swaps, a DEX is the cleanest way

Once you get set up at every single possible CEX which requires KYC you will be good to go. Chill out.

KCEX. 125x leverage on eth and btc 75 on sol it’s no kyc and works in United States, instant crypto deposot

Bitunix is the one. Just email.

From what I have read, almost all exchanges will eventually ask you for a KYC once you reach a certain volume threshold, right?

Hyperliquid

Hyper liquid is doing solid. Some minor issues they had and the lads sorted that out pretty fast. Most liquid exchange id say rn

\- HyperLiquid \- Jupiter \- Bags \- MEXC \- NonKYC io

We know nothing about that, officer

dexes don't require kyc. just connect your wallet and go. if you're not familiar with dex, blofin and mexc have no kyc tiers.

Anyone tried Mont Pellerin ? a Swiss based project ?

Crypto.com is the hottest platform in the crypto market right now. They're defi app uses a self-custody hot wallet with no kyc

I use Rayduim super simple and easy.

A dex or exchanges like Blofin with no KYC

CoinCatch is a centralized exchange that has perps with no KYC or VPN for US users. Partner.Coincatch.cc/bg/AndrewSayles

Bitunix.com, fybit

I use KCEX. It’s a great no KYC exchange. DM for ref link. I can get you 100USDT free bonus for futures to start with.

I never had any issues with KYC and it was done most of the time in a few minutes.

Use Monerium to onramp(need to do KYC once) and then only use DeFi. You can get a Gnosis Pay debit card with Monerium, so you can spend your trading profit without any problem.

Robinhood, no gas fees

Bitcoin dashboard with price prediction - design.... Hello! I'm creating a Bitcoin dashboard to share that includes the price prediction. What other information or data would be useful for you?

Is it powered by AI or something? How do you predict the price?

Most possible curve simmularity trajectory overlays

Crypto cold war at Bitcoin Asia ? Two top Hong Kong officials suddenly pulled out of Bitcoin Asia right before Eric Trump hits the stage. Official excuse? “Business trip” and “family matters.” Reality? SCMP says lawmakers were told not to show up so it wouldn’t look like Hong Kong is flirting with the Trumps. The news just came out few hours ago : [ Feels less like a conference and more like the opening scene of a crypto cold war. 🔥

The Unavoidable Collision: Why One System Must Die for Bitcoin to Win. Jeff Booth is not just making a prediction; he is describing the fundamental choice of the 21st century.

Ethereum Holds Strong, Bitcoin Dominance Slips – Are RWAs the Next Market Driver? Markets kicked off the week with a mix of consolidation and bullish signals: * **Bitcoin (BTC):** Stabilizing after last week’s dip. Despite minor intraday swings, the daily structure still looks healthy with higher lows forming. * **Ethereum (ETH):** Continues pushing toward new highs. ETH dominance has been climbing steadily since June, signaling strong altcoin momentum. * **Altcoins:** Many are in accumulation zones, waiting for BTC volatility to settle. Historically, ETH strength + declining BTC dominance has led to mini alt seasons. One sector worth noting is **Real World Assets (RWA)**. * Traditional players like **Huawei Labs (Horizon platform)** are enabling stablecoin loans against real estate and treasuries. * On the microcap side, projects like **$REM** are exploring fractional property ownership and collateralization, aiming to capture the same narrative but with retail accessibility. From a market structure view: * BTC consolidation + ETH breakout attempts = a potentially bullish setup for altcoins. * RWAs could emerge as the next major narrative if institutions keep validating the model. **Takeaway:** ETH stability looks like it could pave the way for broader alt rallies. RWAs may be a sector to watch closely, especially as institutional adoption grows. Curious to hear the community’s thoughts: 👉 Do you see ETH’s momentum as a leading indicator for a broader alt season? 👉 Are RWAs the most undervalued narrative right now, or will L2s / AI tokens still dominate?

Need Info on the following coins! Hi, I will be completing a work project in a few days and should get some extra bonuses that I plan on investing into crypto I already have big bags of BTC, ADA, ETH and DOGE and small amounts in XRP, SOL & LINK I want to add another coin to this bag, and currently, my shortlist is LTC ETC BCH ALGO Alts haven't really paid off for me, but since alt season is near, I'm willing to take a risk. If anyone holds any of these, please tell me why? If you don't hold any of these, please feel free to recommend other coins, preferably in the top 60 Furthermore, does anyone suggest I ignore these and build a big bag for SOL/XRP/LINK? My risk tolerance for this incoming money is rather high so I don't see the point in investing in XRP/SOL

Risk tolerance high eh? All in on ADA then. Easy hit to $2-$5 range.

oh boy, good luck brother

Hey buddy, write back for a safe and insured investment opportunity. Not related to crypto or any other Market

So dino coins are making a comeback eh?

You can then invest into presale of our crypto project ShieldGuard Protocol which combats crypto scams.

Most of the coins you have on your shortlist don't even interest me tbh. They are old coins that i haven't heard much from these days. I would rather go for solid alts such as RENDER, HYPE, AIOZ. I fancy projects that are actively building and working towards a better future for Web3.

Id research ALGO a bit more and see what you think , they seem to be pretty undervalued ATM....most on here will bash any project they are not actively invested in so take any recommendations with a grain of salt and DYOR.

I wouldn’t add any of those bs projects, just build on top of what you already have…except for ADA & XRP, they’re both outdated and not used.

PayPal delays in a crypto environment-may leave you hanging I admit I didn’t think thru using PayPal when their new crypto opened . I had used PayPal to route money swiftly to the crypto exchange I started on - but PayPal stopped allowing that when they opened crypto platform. About three weeks ago . Hers the problem -even on a good day to move money from bank to PayPal account is five days ! It leaves bank on day one and PayPal is using four days of interest building before it hits your account. Same if you send money from PayPal to bank . So if you use PayPal crypto platform and you buy- and make a profit and then you sell - you can’t get that profit into your hands for five to six days . Now that can be a long time if you plan your reinvest that profit on the next downturn! In the new crypto culture of immediate funding, PayPal is taking advantage in my opinion. What is best practice for moving funds from crypto to banks ?

Absolutely do not use PayPal for crypto. Or anything else you can avoid honestly. They never accept responsibility for anything, even when it's actually their fault and documented. With crypto this means if you lose it, you'll never get it back. I highly advise avoiding PayPal for anything, especially crypto.

Interesting. I’ve been using PayPal since at least 2009 & have never had a problem. & I do have a small amount of crypto on PayPal.

Why Bitcoin Will Crash to Zero? So theoretically speaking bitcoin is not backed by anything but human psychology so it means that only people give value to Bitcoin and any other not useful crypto, same with the dollar that is not backed by gold anymore.

Isn’t that true for most assets?

No "money" is intrinsically real. We're all just pretending. Fiat & gold are no different. Humans put value on things, just like everything. Bitcoin haters are just mad.

Proof of work will be banned someday, whether that comes first or quantum does at some point Bitcoin becomes worthless.

This article is not going to age well.

The world has more faith in BTC than USD at this point. The odds of it going to 0 are near nonexistent

I used to feel like this when I felt I missed out. Check out puts on stocks that deal with bitcoin so you can post positions and show your convictions.

I think btc will challenge gold’s role as a store of value in the near future since younger generation seems to prefer it as a hedge against inflation. Also with rising adoption of AI and robotics, crypto is here to stay and overtake traditional finance as we know it.

Bitcoin and blockchain is one of the most important breakthroughs in computer science. For the first time the double-spend problem of digital assets was resolved without the need for an intermediary (ie. bank). A true peer-to-peer system of money that is verifiable, transparent and immutable. You can send a billion dollars of bitcoin to someone anywhere on the planet in a few seconds to minutes. You can't easily do that with gold. With dollars, it would take days if not weeks and they may freeze your assets. With gold you could be robbed during the transport. The fact is people want sound and hard money. The dollar is neither. It's supply is unlimited, and so is the erosion of the purchasing power. Every year the money in your savings can buy you less and less. Meanwhile with Bitcoin, your savings can buy you more and more. Bitcoin has all of the properties of good money. Right now it's being used as a store of value more than a currency, in part because it's a $500T asset currently trading at $2T. That infancy and the market figuring it out means volatility, which will taper off along with widespread adoption. People invest in real estate because they have to. Keep your money in a savings account and you'll lose much of it to inflation. So investors purchase homes and sit on them or rent them out to make money down the road. But they have to deal with problematic tenants and collecting rent, endless property taxes, mortgage payments, expensive repairs, etc. Bitcoin is digital so it doesn't erode or have to be burdened with any of those problems. People will rotate their investments and stores of value from real estate, gold and anything else and put it in Bitcoin instead. A lot of the criticisms in that article can actually be directed at fiat. From the article: >At its core, value is fragile. [Gold]( shines because we agree it shines. Dollars work because we trust the government that prints them. But [Bitcoin]( It’s not pegged to any natural resource, not backed by a bank, not endorsed by a state. Yes, and that's a good thing. It's pegged to proof of work, it bypasses the need for banks and cannot be manipulated, controlled or debased by any government or centralized authority.

Kindly stop it!!!

whales rotate billions into eth as bitcoin inflows slow arkham data shows nine whale wallets purchased 456 million in eth from bitgo and galaxy digital this week. nansen analysts describe it as natural rotation, with investors securing bitcoin profits and reallocating into tokens with stronger upside potential. eth inflows now average about 0.9 billion per day according to willy woo, which is closing in on bitcoin’s current pace. this surge coincides with bitmine’s continued eth accumulation that has been expanding their treasury. smart money trackers also highlight allocations into chainlink, ethena, and lido dao, but those flows remain small compared to what is moving into eth. the larger picture is whales who recently exited bitcoin are reentering the market through massive eth positions. one address shifted over 2.2 billion into spot eth along with a 577 million eth perpetual long. with whale wallets moving hundreds of millions between btc and eth, the tax reporting complexity is getting insane. each rotation from bitcoin profits into ethereum creates taxable events that need precise tracking across multiple chains and exchanges. platforms like awaken.tax are seeing a surge in whale-tier clients trying to sort through these massive cross-asset moves, especially when you factor in the perpetual positions and defi allocations on top of spot trades. the takeaway is simple: large holders are positioning eth as the primary trade while bitcoin consolidates.

US commerce secretary says gdp data going on blockchain so this came out of a white house cabinet meeting yesterday. commerce secretary howard lutnick said the department is going to start publishing economic stats like gdp numbers on blockchain. his words were pretty direct: “we are going to put our gdp on the blockchain so people can use it for data and distribution.” this is not just some side comment. he tied it directly to trump being “the crypto president,” so it looks like this is coming from the top. they are starting with gdp figures, but it could spread to other departments if the pilot works. other countries already tried similar stuff: estonia put medical records on chain back in 2016 european commission launched ebsi in 2018 for public services california dmv put 42 million car titles on avalanche in 2024 singapore and australia both tested trade docs on blockchain so in reality the us is catching up. the timing is interesting: trump has been saying for months that official economic numbers are rigged. he even fired the bls commissioner in august. putting gdp on chain makes it transparent, but it doesn’t fix accuracy if the source data is bad. the tax implications alone are going to be interesting. companies like awaken.tax that specialize in crypto compliance are probably going to see a surge in demand as more government data moves on-chain and creates new reporting requirements. bigger picture is that if the us government starts using blockchain for official data, that is massive validation. question is which chain they use. feels like it will be permissioned or enterprise rather than ethereum or bitcoin.

Don't think our issue is historical numbers being changed. As you say, if people don't like the numbers, they simply start blaming the long standing process that delivers those numbers

5 Mistakes Every Crypto Beginner Makes (and how to avoid them) I’ve been watching a lot of new people enter crypto recently, and I keep noticing the same mistakes over and over again: * Panic selling at the first dip * FOMO buying without research * Leaving everything on an exchange long-term * Not having a strategy or risk management * Ignoring fees that slowly eat into profits I actually wrote an article breaking these down in detail and also explaining how platforms like Binance can help avoid them [5 Mistakes Every Crypto Beginner Makes (and How Binance Can Help You Avoid Them)]( What do you think is the **#1 mistake most beginners make** when entering the crypto market today?

The #1 mistake is FOMO buying without research. Jumping into a coin just because it's hyped is the root of most other errors. It leads to buying at the top, panic selling during dips (because you have no conviction in what you bought), and generally operating without a plan.

I recognize fomo as the mother of all trouble. Once you survive the drowning because of that phenomenon, but becoming curious of what the hell happened…that is the moment that one dives into the material and starts all over again. Now matured and more cautious… Once you're in, it's a lifelong journey

Bitcoin’s Carbon Problem Could Become Its Greatest Asset

Yeah in the future

Kind of a bad take tbh. From a renewable source or not, high energy use can never be considered a “climate asset”.

Metaplanet is set to raise $837 million to buy more $BTC. Metaplanet, a Japan-based investment firm known for its Bitcoin-forward strategy, has announced plans to raise approximately $837 million in capital. The funds are intended to significantly expand its holdings of Bitcoin (BTC), reinforcing its long-term commitment to the cryptocurrency as a core asset in its treasury reserves. This move positions Metaplanet among a growing cohort of publicly traded companies adopting Bitcoin as a hedge against inflation and currency devaluation, following in the footsteps of firms like MicroStrategy.

It's always easier to buy Bitcoin with fiat money that doesn't even belong to you...

Bitcoin's New Kingdom: A Deep Dive into Who Owns the $2.25 Trillion Asset in 2025. This isn’t just a story about numbers; it’s a story about the mainstreaming of a revolution.

People don’t understand crypto I’m an Econ student, I’ve made around 150k EUR, from just a like 700€/month salary, so I barely have thrown 2K in crypto. I’m also an active trader on other markets. I used to trade crypto actively, not anymore. Now I make a lot more from trading commodities and fx monthly. For those crypto haters and trading haters, my record for the last 3 years on fx was around 30% per year. On commodities it’s a little higher. So my point is that most people don’t understand what is the purpose of crypto for us, normal people. Mostly when someone gets to know that I have like 100k in crypto, they start shitting on me, like crypto is gonna go to 0, and you’ll lose all your money, you dumb, better buy a house. Or just say “ I don’t believe in it it’s a Ponzi scheme”. Yeah fine, I don’t give a fuck what crypto actually is or what it stands for, as long as I can make money on it, this is the purpose it has, for those who aren’t involved in the community in a serious way. If I made 150k from 2K in 4 years. I’ve secured my bag, I have my SLs set and I’m sitting in spot on crypto now, only have small positions in futures. Why are people so negative about crypto and trading? Why not just use the opportunity to make some extra cash? You don’t need to believe that a certain company is great or their product is good as long as their dividends are paid.

cool bro, perfect place to brag tldr anyway

I guess how many comments it will take to offer his courses

Its all just noise dude. Do what you do and if your profit, smile and enjoy it. Other people's views mean nothing!

why not use the opportunity? bro. theres millions of worthless american kids growing up spoiled in the easiest economic zone in the world to make a profit that have never even entertained the idea of fiat money supply being infinite or that that what they think is money is just an IOU. most of the world are born to be slaves. the easiest way to keep them enslaved is the fiat money system. somebody has to clean public toilets. somebody has to risk their life in traffic to fix a pothole. somebody has to serve you slop and complain about you not paying their wage. there is no point in helping people that choose to remain ignorant.

I don't think you will find a lot of haters in this sub...

People who have crypto hope more people will jump in the ponzi and pump their bags. People without crypto believe it has no future and wont pump that much. Simple as that. You are free to trade, nobody is mad at trading.

AMA- 9 Years Trading Crypto Full Time Title says it all- Please keep questions straight forward. 9 Years ago a bro helped me out in an online, Forum. Rick if you see this, I hope you're doing amazing my man! Anyway, After many initial years of losing where just Holding would've created a huge fortune, Trying everything, Reading almost every Book, Getting trained by many so called "experts", blowing up multiple accounts, to now having my own strategy backtested across not just crypto but stocks, options- the journey has been long. Its not that hard guys- Consistency beats luck. Shoot your informative questions. Strictly learning please :)

Appreciate your time. So I literally jumped into crypto going on a little over a week. Im blessed to be a stay at home dad so I have all the time. My Question is for someone like myself I’ve watched the different charts and figured how they work but you all talk about software? Please enlighten me as a complete baby. Looking to get the new Samsung laptop for trading. I go back and forth from CMC to CB this article that. Sorry it’s not straight forward.

do you think quantum resistance is the next narrative after AI ?

What crypto do you trade most of the time? Coins that fluctuate so high and so low that you can get an oppurtunity to trade from?

What are your thoughts on HBAR? Genuinely curious.

How do you size your positions and set stop losses across different markets (crypto vs. stocks vs. options)

After 9 years of trading, do you have a strategy which can be used for setups in crypto and stocks for both short and long-term setups? Can you give a brief description of your overall journey? Would you suggest a novice to pursue trading as a fulltime career?

Do you always use SL and TP? What determines your SL/TP... percentage, gut feeling, expected resistance/support?

Which strategy do you use for crypto aside from buying and holding?

Do you host a deposit vault on hyper liquid?

What is your approach to technical vs. fundamental analysis? Do you lean more on one or do you find a balance is necessary? Given your long experience what have been the most reliable indicators or patterns you've found for crypto and what have been the most misleading?

where do people in the us gridbot trade(preferably with leverage) without having to pay subscriptions and high fees? i cant find a good setup to save my life! :(

What's your opinion about bitget exchange?

Hey, I have two questions. How much money have you made by trading last year and with how much money invested ? And also what are the best sources that you have used (books, YouTube videos, which experts…) ?

what's your take on WLFI(trump's new coin)

What's your thoughts on an innovative project like New from r/thenewsbruh

Can I ask what your yearly returns have been over the past five years, and what would be considered a good annual return in trading?

I have basic trading knowledge, can read charts and everything. I just don’t create my own setups. I follow few of the good traders and pick out entries that I find logical to me. What do you think about that kind of approach on trading?

Thanks for the AMA. What software do you use to analyse charts and then execute the trade?

If time is the most valuable resource, could it also become the most valuable digital asset? We often say “time is money” — but what if time itself could be tokenized? Imagine dividing a single day into millions of digital parts, where each unit represents a fraction of time. Instead of mining coins with machines, you could “mine” them through mechanisms tied to daily activity or digital certificates. The idea struck me because time is the only truly scarce resource we all share. Unlike money, you can’t print more of it. Tokenizing time could, in theory, make people value it more — both financially and philosophically. Do you think time-backed tokens could ever gain traction in crypto, or is the concept too abstract compared to BTC/ETH? Curious to hear different perspectives.

There´s a movie about this. [

Plot twist... rug pull, welcome to slavery.

This token will self destroy in 10 seconds...

This token, let's call it $TIMECOIN, could be sold to investors with clever marketing, and with the earnings you could get Bitcoin which is the only one that matters

Money is time in the first place. People could do stuff themselves or just exchange some money for someone else to do it instead to save time.

Timechain is Grin [grin.mw](

sounds quite a lot like the socialist idea of labour vouchers to replace money where my 8 hours of labour is equal to your 8 hours of labour even if we provide different skills or services. to be honest this or similar ideas have the potential to solve a lot of problems. society has jobs that need doing which get paid fuck all and jobs where people that do nothing get paid an assload. where as we should be respecting peoples most valuable resources, time, and acknowledging it takes lots of different skill sets to form a functioning society and they all add value to the whole. personally I'm here for it

There was project launched around this a while back. It hyped for a few days, then interest faded, or it might still be pumping, 🤣 tokenisation of time is a thing 😅 Creators etc could sell their time to people. Their X account - Timedotfun

No one has time for this lol

Interesting takes here 👀 yeah, it totally has the In Time dystopia vibe if done wrong true, BTC is mathematically scarce, but time is biologically/socially scarce (we can extend life, but not stop the clock) money already = proxy for time, we just don’t call it that labour-voucher angle is cool — raises equality questions but also how to value different skills fairly I guess the big challenge is: could time-tokens work as a complementary system (like community currencies) without turning dystopian or redundant?

The beauty of time being invaluable is because it is abstract Any attempt to monetize that then undermines the value i.e. time is less valuable if it can be bought because it is no longer scarce

Time won’t be as scarce as you think, with medical advancements we will likely all get more time. The only thing in this world that is truly scarce is Bitcoin. Unlike time, it cannot be extended.

Bitcoin Security vs Nano: Sustainability Risks Full comparison by Grok4 Bitcoin Block rewards halving (next in 2028) could strain miner incentives, relying on fees; energy use ties to security but raises environmental concerns. Potential crisis if fees don't rise. Bitcoin remains secure today but faces sustainability risks, whereas Nano's model is built for long-term viability. NANO No inflation or fees needed for security; ORV is energy-efficient and sustainable forever. Fixed supply fully distributed, no ongoing rewards required.

Ethereum Begins to Step Out of Bitcoin’s Shadow Over the past few months, the relationship between Bitcoin and Ethereum has started to look different from what the market has grown used to in previous cycles. Historically, Bitcoin has always acted as the anchor, setting the pace for the entire digital asset space. When Bitcoin surged, altcoins followed, and when it corrected, the rest of the market almost always lost steam. This time, however, Ethereum is beginning to show signs that it can sustain its own momentum even when Bitcoin softens. Bitcoin recently slid to levels not seen in close to two months, giving back gains made during its strong August rally. In earlier years, such a retreat would normally drag the broader market down with it. Yet, instead of fading, Ethereum has gained renewed attention. Traders have been quick to position themselves around Ether, which touched a new record near US$4,955, a level that has shifted sentiment across the market. One of the clearest indications of this shift comes from institutional flows. Exchange traded funds that track Bitcoin posted heavy outflows in August, with more than US$1 billion leaving those products. At the same time, Ether linked funds moved in the opposite direction, attracting around US$3.3 billion. Such a wide gap points to more than short term trading. It reflects a deliberate change in investor preference, where capital is beginning to migrate toward Ethereum as a primary holding rather than a secondary one. The story, however, is not entirely one sided. Developments within the Bitcoin ecosystem are also drawing attention. The upcoming rollout of Bitlayer V2, which integrates Bitcoin native rollups, is expected to follow listings on large centralized exchanges such as Bitget. Alongside that, the introduction of BitVM, a model allowing EVM style smart contracts to function on the Bitcoin network, could create new ways for liquidity to remain within Bitcoin’s DeFi framework. These upgrades may help Bitcoin defend its long standing dominance. Even so, what makes this market moment unique is the fact that Ethereum is finally being recognized as more than just a secondary option. Several growth drivers are working in its favor at once. Consistent inflows into Ether ETFs, rising demand for staking as a yield generating mechanism, and the rapid expansion of tokenized real world assets on its network are all contributing to its strength. Taken together, these factors suggest that Ethereum’s trajectory no longer needs to mirror Bitcoin’s in lockstep. Instead, it is starting to attract independent flows of capital, carving out a leadership role in its own right for the first time.

Someday, a bot will write an article and many bots will comment and applaud, as the rest of us hide in the basements of our masters. Dead internet.

Oh the time has come for these posts already!! This repeats every 4 years, without a break.

Is it this written by AI? The first paragraph is extremely wrong. This isn’t the first cycle where we have seen bitcoin lose market dominance to ethereum and alts. The same happened in 2021.

Bitcoin looses dominance and holds, ETC gains, then alts follow. It’s a pretty standard cycle.

What’s the ratio even at these days, still not high I presume.

I want to go to 100k please :( Guys :(

No it's not

methereum bagholder copium

Bitcoin's wack now. It's been largely hijacked by number go up investors who don't understand the tech, and the Bitcoin foundation nerfs any potential update with an "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" mentality. It's been buttering their bread for so long why switch up now? Typical billionaire shareholder mindset. BTC market dominance fell 4% in the last 4 days. Ether is hastening its demise, OG bitcoin fan since I came for the drugs and stayed for the revolution, but the king is dead. Long live the king.

Na, buy Bitcoin.

Let's wait a little bit before doing these kinds of posts

this is the equivalent of someone writing their own little fanfiction to jerk off to

When ETH moves, strong alts follow, and $NEURAL is one of them. Solid tech, real use case, and Staking 2.0 coming make it a must-watch.

Alt season 2025 What are your expectation for this altseason? So far i have seen mainly a bitcoin bullrun during this cycle. Alts pumped last year November to January but after that they were bleeding for the majority of 2025. Most likely in September further bleeding will be happening. As from my point of view we will have one last pump during november/December before the final downtrend will start. Btc and eth and maybe another handfull ls has achieved New ath. But other than that it was very disappointing cycle i have to say. What are your Strategies for the next months? When do you expect the top for alts to come? How long will a proper alt season last?

What alt season??

Everyone always says there will be no altseason and then it happens anyway. The entry of big money has been a huge issue and I dont know why all these dumbass influencers are cheering for the likes of Blackrock, JP Morgan, etc. These fucking blood suckers will do whatever they can to suck the lifeforce out of everything and make sure we dont make money.

This year I became an ETH maxi.

i will keep on holding alts that i havw trust in and pray we see an alt season otherwise im gonna be working 9-5 forever

I don’t know man, this one has me scared. But so did the last cycle and alt season came. I pretty much just hold ADA. I have faith in it, I think it’s a great product that has matured and I’m pretty comfortable in believing it won’t just go to zero or stop doing what it’s doing, BUT it held a dollar long before alts really took off. Here we are at the end of August and it’s struggling to maintain $1. I was hoping it would be higher than it was last cycle at this time in the cycle. It may not perform as well as it did last cycle, or it might.. but that’s what has me nervous.

You guys are having an alt season?

Yeah this cycle has felt very BTC-led with only short bursts for alts. If we do get a true altseason, I’d expect it late Q4 once BTC cools off and money rotates. Usually it lasts a few weeks to a couple months at best. My plan is to scale out gradually instead of waiting for a “top,” because altseasons can end fast.

Hype is doing awesome

Alt Season 2025 🤣

Only buy coins you are ok to hold for years if needed. The rules have changed and we might not have an alt run, however that doesn’t mean holding sol, hbar, link, etc is a bad idea. I just won’t want to be caught with bags for trash memes in 2026

I think this cycle feels more rotation-driven than a broad blow-off alt season. BTC dominance hasn’t rolled over yet, so alts stay weak until that cracks — likely around late Q4 (Nov/Dec). If we do get a window, I see 6–8 weeks of sharp outperformance from majors like ETH + top narratives (AI, RWAs, DeFi infra). My strategy is to accumulate now while sentiment is dead, then scale out on pumps rather than wait for a “supercycle.”

Eth 6k+, no higher than 8k Sol 600 ADA 5 Doge falls short BNB 700 Idfk tho

I agree that we may have one last drive up for all the other alts to hit all time highs but i wouldnt be surprised if there is a larger than expected correction in the mean time.

You guys are not ready for what is coming it is going to be shorter than usual following a huge drop 150% down on altcoins and 20-30% the first 5.

We'll likely see ALT season last until Q2 2026

Altseason is canceled. I just got off the phone with the Bitcoin CEO

I figured it out. If we all dump it will pump. If we all buy it will die.

It’s both going to be as big as before. Alts are slowly dying out. A few new ones each cycle pump but anything in its 3rd plus cycle has bled to bitcoin

I think the 4 year cycle holds this time but I don't think it'll keep working that way forever. It sounds way too good to be true that we'll always know exactly when to buy and when to sell.

Nobody knows. Literally nobody. Some people will guess right, but alt seasons don’t always materialize. I’m not overly confident about it, but I think alts will wake up in September.

we've only just really started seeing capital rotating out of BTC into ETH starting like last week.. BTC dominance is still high. September is a traditionally slow month. Just hold tight and October/November will pop off

10x and go home

I think that alts like xrp, nexo, ada could pump 5-10x

2017 cycle they peaked Dec - Jan going into 2018

Alt season will happen once ethereum finds new support over its current ATH and stops just flirting with it.

Not arriving. The standard rules are gone. It’s all over

Polkadot ⭕️ to $20. 🚀🌙💰🎆

It’ll be explosive 🧨

What makes you think there will be a flood of large BTC profits flowing into the more and more volatile risky profit vehicles? I’d not expect any alt season until there’s an undervalued BTC price, risk-on greater climate, interest rate lowering cycle which a wave 3 or 5 could move impulsively before holding levels and going sideways for an extended period of time. THEN you MAY see the BTC profits flow in. Otherwise expect more of the same.

Less expectations, less disappointments. Nobody has glassball, this means no one knows, which means everyone has their own ulterior motive to manipulate you into their agenda. All you are doing is drowning yourself into a rabbit hole that blinds you the exit. You will be a bag holder son.

Made nice returns on Sol, Xrp and Eth. Thinking of selling it all to buy the BTC dip?

Alt season was the election

I think, just like every cycle there will be quite significant drops to scare ppl and load cheaper, followed by some pumps. But the more heated the less time in highs. Btc to eth bounced from the bottom, that's good signal for alts, but don't forget some already made decent returns.

The BTC halving just happened last year in April. XRP was trading at .47 in July 2024, now it’s at $3.00 that is the alt season. That’s almost 6.5x from .47 Why would anything else happen now? I ask because, 550 days from April 2024 would be sometime this October. Bull cycles from the BTC halving never go longer 625 days. So it’s hard to imagine a “alt season” in 2025 when as an example XRP has almost 7x since summer of 2024..

Let’s see what happens in the next 2-3 months. I’m optimistic. #trustmebro

Alt szn my bets are on SOL CORE ONDO esp Core as it scales BTC beyond store of value and allows ppl to stake BTC self custodially. Dope sht lets go

Dips on dips to the bottom and a complete financial market crash. That will suck but cars and houses will be cheaper so that's nice. Imo anyway, but I know nothing

Alt season 2025 seems delayed. Expect minor pumps later in the year, but overall caution is wise due to prior prolonged downtrend.

Alt-season is the friends we made along the way.

Altseason 2025 is heating up, and $NEURAL should be at the top of your list. World Engine and Staking 2.0 will make this one hard to ignore.

The real altseason was 2023.sept/oct-2024.mar./apr. Alts did 3-10x. I think we can expect a modest 2-3x from sept lows to nov/dec highs.

hopefully not, but I do think we might never see Altseason like we had in the past cycles. this time its different. people getting excited about institution and country getting into crypto. for me its good for bitcoin but not for Alts. big whales might never rotate into Alts anymore. I do like investing in mid to lowcaps in the past since its where the big gains are. but this time I just stick to BTC, ETH and Sol. its hard to get a solid run into Alts too since the space is already congested with new project.

Alt season 2025 was nice and I hope you made some profit. I certainly did. But now everything will crash and burn as it always does. You can still profit off of the dumps with some light leverage if you time your entries nicely.

Crypto has bled this year however I have a strange feeling upcoming months until December are gonna be ridiculous due to crypto being more talked about and trump being in office.

Altseason is slowly forming. BTC dominance has dropped under the average so it started. September will be slow and then it will skyrocket. Everyone here telling altseason wont happen is delusional idiot who doesn’t know shit

I think the chart will move to the right, but when I buy it might move left

Dissapoonting? Na don’t know about you but I made a shit ton brother. lol

Expect nothing appreciate everything

Rwa is the main event

It seems like it's right around the corner with ETHBTC finally going up. I believe BTC will make one more violent leg up and then move sideways. That's ur alt season right there with BTC.D collapsing

Blockchain infrastructure Companies will do great this cycle because everyone from Gov, banks, healthcare, utilities will all have to get on the blockchain. Companies like ANKR, Algorand, etc will either 10x or be bought by big tech or investment firms.

Not sure we'll see much of an alt season. I think the frenzy for alts will never hit like it was last cycle. I could see top 50 alts having mild steady gains but I don't think all the Big Money that is now in BTC and ETH will cycle to smaller caps at the same levels as it has before. Been trading crypto since Mt. Gox days but think the mainstream appreciation of alts has really gone down and now the overall btc/eth market is so big that small cap money is too spread out over 5000 coins to produce sustained gains.

Looks like a late 2025 alt season is possible, probably around November or December as BTC stabilizes. Best strategy is to diversify, take profits gradually, and watch high-liquidity alts with strong fundamentals. Don’t chase short-term pumps and have a clear exit plan.

Me still waiting..

I hope I'm wrong - and that things turn around w possible rate cuts etc in the next few months, but I'm increasingly concerned that the Macro environment is threatening overall prospects of a bull run in general and traditional alt coin season. Domestic policies impact the economy generally - and occupied cities (or the appearance / coverage of them) as well as ongoing tariff whiplash and the prospect of multiple foreign wars which are already underway . . . amount to an environment of uncertainty (to understate it). Markets don't like uncertainty. Rooting for things to turn around, but not hearing a lot of (constructive) discussion about the bigger picture from crypto media broadly speaking. At this point, we sort of need to pull out of a barrel roll . . .

If ur not investing in kaspa what are u doing

Hello, does alt season really exist? It seems to unreliable to be even called a season. lol

I just created my first memecoin on pumpfun Monkeyinaround Monk We'll see how it goes HnvyqEtVPpnRmeX5K4yCAYUKzJjoao6nVLV1JPkzpump

Man, a bit downturn, and you guys are jerking each other off in your panic. Did you all think that you buy alt coins previous month and next month they "gO tO tHe MoOn LiKe BiTcOiN"? The whole point is to invest in projects that upgrade blockchain/alternative networks, provide new ways to implement the cypherpunk dream (in case of Hedera, a mutilated form of that dream, but let's see where they take it). Instead, you all are foaming and frothing like gambling degenerates going through withdrawal symptoms.

I think the alt season lasts until Q4 this year or hopefully Q1 of next year. Regardless of what happens, make sure you are backing the right altcoins. ETH, LINK, TAO, RENDER, AIOZ are some of my biggest bags. The quality of the alts you hold is ultimately what matters.

Vechain won’t even go above 2cents peak bull. You heard it here first!

This is my 3rd cycle and I’m a little nervous we’re all going to jinx it by trying to predict it

Don't think there will ever be an alt season again. 2021 was just a freak one-off alt season.

No alt season this year nah nah BIG SORRY take profits

Spot on. A cycle driven by institutions, investing companies and banks. Retail never really came back here (only to Solana and memes) and thats why we did not see much rotation from BTC to ETH to alts. Money entering the market primarily came from ETF and by investors. Buying BTC and now ETH. Besides we have gone from estimated 10.000 alts 2021 to 18.000 alts 2025. But same market cap for the altcoin market. I believe you are right. Either we pump into november, december BTC, ETH making new highs (some major alts follow especially if new etfs are approved - SOL, BNB, even Cardano or Hbar) Or alternatively. Bull run ends before anyone is expecting. Top is already in.

Justin Sun is now running a country - and TRX just got a whole new narrative Crypto has never been short on crazy stories, but this one is next level: Justin Sun, the founder of Tron, is literally the prime minister of Liberland - a self-proclaimed libertarian micronation wedged between Croatia and Serbia. Liberland started back in 2015 as a political experiment, but with Sun at the helm it's gone from a fringe curiosity to something a lot harder to ignore. He's already been reelected multiple times, and he's leaning on his network - including close ties to Trump and his family - to push for recognition on the global stage. Why does this matter for TRX? Because it takes Tron out of the “just another blockchain” category and into the realm of political narrative. Liberland has rolled out blockchain governance, tokens, and voting systems - with TRX and Sun at the center. That's exposure most projects can only dream of. At the same time, TRX's fundamentals are solid: it dominates stablecoin transfers, just launched a $1B buyback plan, and its ecosystem keeps growing despite the noise. And for those holding TRX into this story, there are even ways to make it work harder - some platforms like Nexo are rewarding balances with extra yield on TRX through November, on top of the usual daily compounding. It's not flashy, but it's free stacking while you wait. Justin Sun has always had a knack for keeping Tron relevant. Now, with a micronation behind his name and a global spotlight on his moves, TRX's story just went from strong to downright unique.

Imaging thinking Justin Sun will make you rich lol. Not my first day in crypto friend.

'A country'. Lmao.

Crypto doesn't need a king

Justin Sun LOL

This is peak crypto bro cringe.

Desperate shill

Is he also the mayor of Petoria?

“Narrrative”

I mean there are a lot of dumb crypto shills on this sub but believing that Justin Sun is someone you should be excited about takes the cake. TRX is the definition of a shitcoin. JS is gonna be in jail in a few years and TRX will be in the gutter

ha. I thought it was decentralized. Buyback gives them more governance. And Justin Sun being at the "Center". Sounds like a TRX dump will happen in the near future.

So another network state?

Embarrassing 🤣

Akon city vibes.

I work at an engineering consultancy and we see this pain point constantly with our fintech and web3 clients who need to stay ahead of these moves. For SEC filings, you want to go straight to the source with EDGAR Pro. It's clunky as hell but you can set up custom alerts for specific form types like 8-K amendments and S-1 registrations. We've built automated scrapers for clients that parse EDGAR feeds and flag ETF-related filings in real time. Way faster than waiting for crypto news sites to pick up the stories. Farside Investors has probably the cleanest ETF flow tracking we've seen. Larry Fink's team actually references their data, so it's legit. Updates daily with inflows/outflows for all the major crypto ETFs, not just BTC and ETH. For treasury activity, Arkham Intelligence is solid for tracking known corporate wallets. You can set up alerts when companies like MicroStrategy or Tesla move large amounts. The address labeling is pretty comprehensive and they catch most of the major players. Dune Analytics has some excellent dashboards for this stuff if you know SQL. We've built custom queries for clients that track everything from Grayscale conversions to BlackRock accumulation patterns. The data is usually more current than the aggregator sites. One thing most people miss is using the actual ETF sponsor websites. BlackRock, Fidelity, VanEck all publish their holdings data daily. You can scrape that directly instead of waiting for third-party aggregation. Our clients who are serious about this usually end up with hybrid setups. EDGAR alerts for regulatory stuff, Farside for flows, Arkham for on-chain movement, and custom Dune dashboards for the specific metrics they care about. The all-in-one tools just don't exist yet because the data sources are so fragmented. Worth noting that treasury announcements often leak on social media before official filings, so Twitter monitoring is still part of the game unfortunately.

Coinbase just fired engineers for refusing to use AI. Dystopia IC ? Brian Armstrong went on a podcast and casually dropped that Coinbase fired engineers who refused to use AI tools like Copilot and Cursor. Like… if you don’t let AI write your code, **you’re out**. Read that by yourself : [ Apparently, 33% of Coinbase’s codebase is already AI-written. He literally said he’s experimenting with letting AI make *business decisions*. Let that sink in. So yeah, biggest exchange Coinbase is no longer just a crypto exchange. It’s a live beta test for what happens when you automate humans out of their own jobs.

That’s not really what was said. It’s a tool that helps and for those who don’t want to use the tools that can help them be productive it’s an indicator that those people aren’t willing to adapt.

People that literally have no idea how LLM’s produce their responses, are deciding on how the softwares need to be wrote. Coinbase about to find it the hard way.

Unfortunately, this is simply another symptom of a publicly traded company placing profits before people. I'm pretty sure Elon would find a way to do the same thing with the staff of the companies he owns.

MicroStrategy and Bitcoin: A Colossus with Feet of Clay or a Giant with No Impact? The Debate Shaking the Cryptosphere. The true test will come not at the peak, but in the storm of the next major bear market.

Need Advice from Experts Hi everyone, I have a coupke of questions about crypto : (Im a layman and a beginner so ill need as easy of explanations as possible) 1. In blockchain technology, the special codes that you have to match, are they unknown to everyone. I guess what i was confused about was that why cant someone just know what the special code that we have to match is using machines if machines are actually validating the codes. 2. In the normal coins like Bitcoin and Ethereum, can someone be tracked if the entire transaction history is available in Blocks? 3. So apart from speed and tokens being a factor, are there things you can do on Bitcoin that you cant do in Ethereum or Solana and vice versa? 4. Also are there ways to use these currencies to directly pay for things in the real world now without converting them into USFDT or USDC and which ones are best for that 5. Which Wallets are the best for someone like me (I live in Pakistan, idk if that matters) 6. Which currency exchanges are the best for me? 7. Nowadays for a beginner like me is it better to study coins and invest in them first or study coins a little and focus more on tokens and invest in them? 8. What is the best method of studying and investing in coins/tokens? 9. Any general advice you guys have for a beginner like me. Thankyou so much for anyone who puts in effort and time. May God guide us!

Experts on Reddit? Are you a comedian sir?

At my job we help teams build out crypto and blockchain systems, so I can break this down for you in plain terms. For your first question about the special codes, think of it like a lottery where everyone is guessing numbers but the winning number changes every time. Miners are essentially racing to find a number that when combined with transaction data produces a hash that meets certain criteria (like starting with a bunch of zeros). Nobody knows the answer ahead of time, they just have to keep guessing until someone gets lucky. The validation happens after someone finds a valid solution. On tracking, Bitcoin and Ethereum are actually pretty transparent. Every transaction is recorded forever and publicly viewable. Law enforcement agencies regularly trace Bitcoin transactions through chain analysis. It's not truly anonymous, more like using a pseudonym that can potentially be linked back to you if you're not careful. Bitcoin is basically digital money, pretty limited in what it can do beyond sending and receiving. Ethereum can run smart contracts and decentralized apps, way more programmable. Solana is similar to Ethereum but faster and cheaper for transactions. Each has different strengths but also different trade-offs in terms of security and decentralization. For real world payments, Bitcoin is probably your best bet. Some merchants accept it directly, there are Bitcoin debit cards, and services like Strike let you pay bills with Bitcoin. Lightning Network makes small Bitcoin payments way cheaper and faster. For wallets in Pakistan, I'd probably suggest starting with something like Electrum for Bitcoin or MetaMask for Ethereum stuff. Both are solid, well-tested, and don't require you to trust a company with your coins. Hardware wallets like Ledger are better for larger amounts. Can't really advise on specific exchanges since regulations vary, but generally you want something with good security, reasonable fees, and that actually operates legally in Pakistan. Do your research on local options. Honestly, as a beginner I'd focus on understanding Bitcoin and Ethereum first before diving into random altcoins. Most tokens are just speculation with no real utility. Learn the fundamentals before trying to pick winners. Best advice: start small, never invest more than you can afford to lose completely, and don't trust anyone promising guaranteed returns. This space is full of scams targeting beginners.

What are the most promising RWA projects right now? I've been looking into Real World Assets (RWA) cryptos and am trying to figure out which ones have the most potential. So far, Ondo and Redbelly Network look pretty solid to me but curious if anyone has any suggestions. What RWA projects are you most bullish on and why?

if you want exposure to RWAs IMO link is the best play

Safe Play: LINK Moderate Play: ONDO High Risk/High Reward Play: PLUME, INJECTIVE See you when you're rich.

It’s a really exciting time for RWA at the moment and there are some big players (Ondo) actually making it happen. There are also some really noisy projects that aren’t and won’t achieve anything more than hype (RIO, I’m looking at you). For me though, it’s the projects full of potential that haven’t been picked up yet that offer the most exciting prospects and gains. STRX falls squarely in that bracket, they’ve been backed by trading giants CMC Markets and are about to onboard all the millions of CMC clients (traders and retail) onto their eco system. But don’t take my word for it, DYOR but do a deep dive here and lets me know what you think. The best way to get and keep up to speed on this fast moving project is their discord. Edit: Reposted as discord links aren’t allowed

Ondo, Algorand are my bets along with Link and Hedera. I like gold and silver tokenized on Algorand by Meld. I am considering liquidating my TradFi GLD and PSLV positions and moving them to DeFi. XDC is an old school RWA play that might still be valid but it is not very accessible from a platform support standpoint.

For me it would be keeta network. Shilling: • Supports instant tokenization and redemption of real-world assets with an anchor model native to the protocol. • Proven massive scalability with 11M+ TPS and 400ms finality via a Google Cloud test,capable of handling global financial demand. • Natively compliant with KYC, AML, Travel Rule, ISO 20022, and PCI DSS,ready for institutional integration from day one. • Features include quantum-resistant upgrades, 90% smart contract functionality in the core, and a supply shock tokenomic model. • Backed by $20M+ in equity from Eric Schmidt, the former Google CEO,providing credibility and serious conviction. Keeta aims to unify TradFi, DeFi, and RWA in one scalable, compliant network.

Ondo’s a solid pick for tokenized T-bills; also keep an eye on the regulated stuff like BlackRock BUIDL, Franklin BENJI, and Superstate USTB—not “tokens,” but real assets with real redemptions. For actual microcap tokens, I like rails over narratives: Centrifuge (CFG) for on-chain credit, Maple (MPL) for undercollateralized lending, Polymesh (POLYX) for compliance-first settlement, and Goldfinch (GFI) if you accept private-credit risk and its default history. I skip “metaverse real estate” plays and filter for clear value capture (protocol fees tied to volume), audits, KYC/regs, sane unlocks, and enough liquidity to exit. NFA—assume spreads are wide and position small.

RWA that actually work today are the boring ones: tokenized T-bills and clean credit. I’m most bullish on Ondo (USDY/OUSG), Mountain Protocol (USDM), Superstate (USTB) and Franklin/BlackRock’s on-chain funds for treasury yield; plus Maple and Centrifuge for under-collateralized/asset-backed credit, and Backed Finance (bTokens) + PAXG for equities/commodities. Big caveat: the *product* can be great while the *token* doesn’t capture value—check whether fees/flows accrue to ONDO/MPL/CFG or just to the underlying instruments. My DD checklist: redemption rights and custodian, KYC/whitelists, auditor/attestations, chain integrations (lending/DEX collateral), issuance/unlock schedule, and real revenue—not just “TVL.” NFA.

All you need is $STRX r/r is crazy

Here are some of the strongest RWA projects right now: Ondo Finance – tokenized treasuries & yield products. Polymesh – compliance-first blockchain for securities. Centrifuge – tokenizes invoices & real estate. Securitize – $4B+ assets issued, ties to BlackRock. Canton Network – backed by Goldman & BNP for institutional RWAs. Others: RealT, Maple Finance, Pendle. 👉 One I’m most bullish on is White Network (WHITENET) — a fair-launch Layer-1 built for RWA tokenization with compliance, speed, and real utility. Could be the dark horse here.

KTA of course.

Hedera (HBAR) - [Tokenized stocks]( [Tokenized collateral with Lloyd’s of London]( [Tokenized money market funds through Archax]( [Tokenized gemstones]( Along with all these is the DOVU platform built on top of Hedera. Think of it as the easy button for tokenization on Hedera. It takes away the complexity of programming using their AI platform - [dovuOS]( DOVU has been tokenizing carbon credits on Hedera for a few years, but dovuOS expands their capability to any RWA project. They recently announced their first $1B project. [DOVU’s first $1B carbon credit project.](

HBAR of course

Arb, ondo, avax

You're 7 years too late for the likes of LINK and ONDO if the potential for FU money is the objective. Look for low market caps with unlocked supply and solid fundamentals. Ask AI to tell you more about RIO and IXS, and consider balancing this risk out with some QNT exposure. This is my current investment strategy having rode LINK from $0.25.

Chainlink is a pretty safe bet. But Ondo is not a bad choice either. Also $Avax

@estatex ESX will be a good one look at, aim to be the authority in real estate tokenization, pretty decent market valuation so a lot more room to grow, I believe it’s got the biggest community in RWA and community and team are super active, backed by huge names one being the co founder of tether , building its own L1 chain in testnet right now and goes live in few months, it’s got all the recipe to be a leader in RWA….check it out.

Hbar and DOVU

HBAR is one everyone should look into And if you get into HBAR, DOVU is INCREDIBLY cheap & underrated right now. a lot of people are sleeping on the environmentally focused DOVU on the Hedera network, and everyone is gonna feel some serious FOMO down the line. Don't say I didn't warn you.

Always KTA and only KTA

EPIC is solid. Unlike most RWA projects that are still in the conceptual or early-stage phase, EPIC is the only RWA project backed by XRP and also the only token that XRP has chosen to collaborate with directly. That already sets it apart in terms of credibility and ecosystem support. also only has around 60m marketcap and is listed on binance.

QANX. QAN platform

I want to believe Chintai is not a scam

Interesting to watch is $LUMIA imo

ALGO of course

CSWAP on Cardano.

In my wallet Ondo, Plume, Mantra

Chintai CHEX. Billions in AUM and huge backlog to onboard. Partnership with Chainlink.

Define promising, because the whole point of RWA is that they do not have crypto-style price action. Buy a real estate RWA token, expect the type of gains as actual real estate. They're basically just a form of offramping that lets you remain onchain.

Mantra … justkidding 💀

I have a good amount of money in Clearpool. If you want a super low cap RWA that could fly try something like AUTOS. Chex will also do really well with their Chainlink partnership

ETH, LINK, CPOOL, ALVA

FLARE; ONDO

ONDO, PRCL, KTA, YBR

Cpool is my choise.

Centrifuge and Goldfinch are strong contenders besides Ondo Centrifuge has deep DeFi integrations and real asset collateral while Goldfinch focuses on real world credit for businesses Both have proven use cases and growing adoption

Chainlink and Algorand

Look at IOTA

Ondo is my pick, solid project.

EstateX, your welcome.

eigentlich denke ich das tao und near gerade gut sind und potansiyal haben

ZK is a sleeper.

EstateX (ESX) anyday.

For a potential 100x i will go with Estatex. Just look at what there are doing and the people backing this project is amazing.

Look into $ABT @ArcBlock. It already has partnerships with @Microsoft, @Amazon, and @Google. A huge Cloud, AI & Web 3 play. A hidden 💎! They've recently released the world's first native AI browser and is available on the @Google and @Apple stores. 🚀💯 arcsphere.io/en

Realio (RIO). Besides tokenising their own properties, their web platform (Freehold) will also allow anyone to tokenise for free. Great for progress of the RWA industry as a whole.

from stats, the top RWA chains are: \- Ethereum \- Zksync

Selling all crypto to buy more WFLI Selling all crypto to buy more WFLI For context: I have invested more than 200k on crypto, 26 opened positions., 50k losses right now, more than 90% success, several coins, I just bought 20k for WFLI, I'm into pumps only. The question: anyone with more experience than me, I'm thinking on sell almost everything and get more WFLI, to sell everything in 15x-30x. Do you think is a good idea? the hype WFLI is getting crazy. I think I'm able to recovery all the current losses as well. Not looking to safe grounds, question related for someone with more experience in a trade like this. thanks

I would sell everything if I were you. My crypto, house, car, my ass virginity and I would go all in.

This guy is nuts brev

Could AI Be the Superhero Crypto Needs for Risk Management? That tweet brings up a really interesting point: AI's potential to be a game-changer for risk management in the crypto space. Let's be honest, navigating the crypto world can feel like a minefield sometimes, with scams, hacks, and sudden price drops seemingly around every corner. Imagine having AI constantly monitoring the markets and on-chain activity, acting like a super-vigilant watchdog that never sleeps. Think about the possibilities: • Spotting Red Flags Early: AI could identify unusual trading patterns or suspicious wallet movements that might signal an impending rug pull or exchange hack, giving users valuable time to react. • Helping You Understand Risk: Instead of just seeing a volatile price chart, AI could provide insights into the reasons behind the volatility and the potential risks involved. • Making DeFi Safer: For those participating in yield farming or lending, AI could offer alerts about protocols with increased risk due to smart contract vulnerabilities or unusual activity. Of course, AI isn't a silver bullet. There will always be new threats, and the models need to be incredibly sophisticated. But the potential for AI to enhance stability and protect users is huge. What kind of AI-powered risk management tools would you find most helpful in your crypto journey? We're curious to hear what features and functionalities the community is looking for. What's the scariest risk you've encountered in crypto, and how do you wish technology (like AI) could have helped prevent it?

I dont think so. AI training in a proper way still needs to be done

The industry’s obsession with big words is killing trust I have been watching this space for years now and one thing stands out every time a new project pops up. They lean hard on words that sound like magic spells. Zero knowledge proofs. Homomorphic encryption. Federated learning. Polynomial commitments. AI agents. These are real terms from math and computer science, but most people outside of those fields never had a reason to hear them before crypto. When projects throw them around, it makes the tech sound futuristic and untouchable. The problem is that half the time the jargon is used more for marketing than for actual understanding. It creates hype, it builds credibility, and it keeps outsiders quiet because no one wants to admit they do not understand. It is not that these words are fake, but often they are used to cover up the fact that a project has little to show beyond buzz. I think the community needs to start treating jargon with suspicion. If you cannot explain your tech in plain language, either it is smoke or you are deliberately making it sound too advanced for questions. Crypto should not be about word games. It should be about building something real that everyday people can grasp without needing a degree in cryptography.

I also really dislike hyping concepts. A few years ago, everyone was talking about the metaverse, but no one knew what it actually was. Then I looked it up, and it's just an online game, isn't it?

More like its obsession with fraud.

It's not actually hard to learn these jargons if you can read. But yeah you still need pre-existing knowledge to understand it.

Mind-Blowing, Little-Known Crypto Concepts **1. Liquidity = Life Force** * **What most don’t know:** A token can look “valuable” on CoinMarketCap, but without liquidity it’s just paper wealth. Price ≠ real exit. * **Real-World Example:** Imagine your house is “valued” at $10 million. But if only one buyer is willing to pay $3 millions, your real liquidity is $3 millions. Same with low-liquidity coins → you *can’t sell at the displayed price*. * **Insider Trick:** Always check “liquidity depth” in pools/exchanges before buying anything new. **2. Tokenomics Beat Hype** * **What most don’t know:** Supply mechanics matter more than marketing. A token with infinite supply (like DOGE) behaves differently from a deflationary one (like ETH after EIP-1559). * **Analogy:** Owning a business. One prints new shares every day (inflation), the other buys back shares (deflation). Which stock would you rather hold long-term? * **Insider Trick:** Look at *vesting schedules*. If 80% of supply unlocks next month for insiders, price will crash. **3. MEV (Miner/Maximal Extractable Value)** * **What most don’t know:** Bots & validators *front-run your trades*. * **Analogy:** You go to a gold shop to buy a coin. A middleman sneaks in, buys it 1 second before you, then sells it to you for 2% higher. That’s what bots do on Ethereum. * **Insider Trick:** Use MEV-protected exchanges like **CowSwap** or aggregators to avoid silent losses. **4. Stablecoins = Shadow Banking** * **What most don’t know:** Tether (USDT) and USDC aren’t just “stable money,” they’re *unregulated central banks*. They print billions of “dollars” without full audits. * **Analogy:** Imagine your neighborhood grocery issuing its own “gift coupons” and everyone in town starts using them as money. Suddenly, the grocery owner is more powerful than your local bank. * **Insider Trick:** Always diversify stablecoin holdings (USDT + USDC + DAI) because one failing could wreck portfolios. **5. Whale Games & Liquidity Hunts** * **What most don’t know:** 90% of liquidation crashes are *engineered*. Whales push prices to trigger stop losses. * **Analogy:** A shark sees a fishing net full of fish. He smashes the net to make the fish panic and scatter, then eats them cheap. Whales do the same → forcing liquidations to buy cheap. * **Insider Trick:** Never place obvious stop-losses at round numbers (like $20,000 BTC). That’s *exactly* where whales hunt. **6. Network Effects > Technology** * **What most don’t know:** The “best” blockchain doesn’t always win. Adoption beats tech. * **Analogy:** QWERTY keyboards are not the most efficient, but everyone uses them, so they dominate. Same with Bitcoin/Ethereum → their network adoption matters more than speed or cost. * **Insider Trick:** Invest in ecosystems with strong developer + user community, not just fast transactions. **7. Governance is Power** * **What most don’t know:** In DAOs and DeFi, holding governance tokens = *controlling the protocol*. Insiders quietly accumulate governance tokens to steer projects in their favor. * **Analogy:** Owning a few shares of a company doesn’t matter, but if you hold 51% voting rights, you can change the CEO. Same with DAOs. * **Insider Trick:** Watch where venture capitalists accumulate governance tokens — they’re future puppet masters. **8. Time Horizons Change Risk** * **What most don’t know:** Every crypto strategy works… until it doesn’t. * **Analogy:** Playing musical chairs. If you’re in for 30 seconds, you win. If you stay for 5 minutes, the music stops and you’re wrecked. * **Insider Trick:** Decide *before entry* → is this a 1-hour trade, 3-month swing, or 5-year HODL? Otherwise you’ll get trapped. **9. Narratives Pump Markets More Than Fundamentals** * **What most don’t know:** Most bull runs are driven by *stories*, not facts. “DeFi Summer,” “NFT Boom,” “AI + Crypto.” * **Analogy:** Think of fashion trends. It’s not about the *quality* of the fabric but the *story* behind it. Crypto markets behave the same. * **Insider Trick:** Spot the next narrative before retail does → AI tokens, RWA (real-world assets), privacy, etc. **10. Your Private Keys = Your Citizenship** * **What most don’t know:** Owning crypto isn’t about speculation — it’s digital sovereignty. * **Analogy:** Imagine your passport and bank account rolled into one key. If you lose it, you’re stateless and penniless. If you guard it, you’re your own nation. * **Insider Trick:** Use multisig wallets or hardware wallets like Ledger/Trezor. Treat them like your passport + house deed combined. ⚡ These are the **hidden layers** of crypto most beginners never even glimpse. The top 1% insiders profit by understanding these invisible rules of the game.

What do i see here👀 a real crypto post with real knowledge👀 Nice post mate.

This is a very good post. Most people just want easy money, never do any research, and end up losing their life savings.

AI generated post. No one has that much time to write all that down off the dome

Good info. Good post

Wow, where was this post years ago when I joined the party?

Good post but I thought eth had unlimited supply also

another garbage AI post, report

Some good info that all Crypto traders should know or at least understand. Another one is look at the trading history of an investment, understand what it would take for it to go up and why. If the answer is because of the narrative then buy not before, but on the way up and sell before you think you actually should.

Large Correction Incoming? or Manipulated Shake-Out? Hi, just wanted to see where everyones heads at rn, i've been through countless shakeouts in my years in crypto and this feels just like one, however some technicals suggest that we could be heading to a potential month long correction. My guess would be that there are still alot of fools who are longing with high leverage at every dip and making it easy for market makers/whales to flush out leverage and as soon as those fools are exhausted, we then go for the massive $30B in liquidations waiting at $130k BTC. News has also suddenly turnt bearish, YouTube comments are not calling this the 'market top', X comments are no longer saying $1000 XRP LOL, these are all psychological signs that we are at a bottom from my experience But as always, the crypto market does the opposite of what I expect, so a long ass correction is also very possible What do you think?

Rich people trying to scare poor people…. Not me, I’m slitting my wrist and proclaiming to the universe “I AM ME & I’m buying more, bitch”

lmao this guy is really citing youtube and X comments

Ethereum at All-Time Highs, Altcoin Season on the Horizon. Which Microcaps Are You Watching? With Ethereum climbing close to new all-time highs and Bitcoin dominance showing some interesting movements, many in the space are already preparing for the long-awaited altcoin season. Historically, when ETH gains momentum, capital tends to flow into mid-caps and eventually into microcaps. We’re already seeing strong signs of stabilization and consolidation across the market – the kind of setup that often precedes explosive altcoin runs. I’ve been researching different microcaps in the RWA (real-world asset) sector since that narrative is gaining traction. One example is **REM**, a utility token focused on real estate metaverse integration. It’s still tiny compared to others, but I find the microcap/RWA combo interesting given how ETH dominance is shaping up. Curious to hear your thoughts: * Do you think this ETH rally will trigger a proper altcoin season? * Which sectors (AI, RWA, gaming, DeFi) do you think will benefit the most? * Are there any microcaps you’re personally keeping an eye on? Let’s share some research and keep this a solid discussion for the community.

Keeping an eye on keeta, look it up

Ergo r/ergonauts

I hate this AI shit

KTA, RUJI, PEPE AIOZ

Alchemy Pay (ACH) 🚀🌙💰🎆

Jasmy and Aerodrome

Kaspa and it´s meme coins like NACHO

New from r/thenewsbruh definitely

WMTx, it’s hitting the market soon. It’s not on the big exchanges yet, but already has a user base of +2m on chain… DYOR

Base Memes

This was so 2 days ago

FLAERO OP ARB KASPA BIO

Soupwifhat

Big on RARI. One of the top NFT markets in the industry. When NFTs come back, this will be a front runner market for some actually good NFT art

Anyone buying SBET?

IOTA is very advanced in tech and is onboarding countries and goverments. Layer1 coin

Nacho, the biggest meme on Kaspa

Jasmy, NOS, GP, and GRASS. GRASS has +35% staking and NOS has a rate that increases with deactivation length up to 29% so that’s made waiting for the run more rewarding

$1inch may 20x

Crypto has the same winner take all dynamics the rest of technology has and everything listed here will disappoint.

ERgo low cap coin that POW, Fair Launch, no VC, Smart contract, bridged to btc, doge, eth, bnb and ada.

Have a look at Ergo. Totally undervalued for what has been built so far.

Ergo, with sub-blocks round the corner..

Consider checking out $NEURAL, bro, you might thank yourself later. World Engine and Staking 2.0 will make this one stand out.

DOG (Bitcoin)

# MIA Token – Daily Recap (Aug 27, 2025) * **Price & Market Cap** * Current price: **\~$0.052** (+3.35% in 24h) * Market cap: **\~$28M** * Fully Diluted Valuation (FDV): **\~$52M** * Circulating supply: **\~548M MIA** (≈54.8% of total 1B) * **24h Volume & Range** * Trading volume: **$145K – $310K** (sources vary) * Daily price range: **$0.0502 – $0.0527** * **Performance vs Historical Levels** * **ATH**: $0.0881 (Aug 14, 2025) → now \~41% lower * **ATL**: $0.0401 (Aug 16, 2025) → now \~29.5% higher * 7-day change: **+2–3%** * **Technical Indicators** * Bitget analysis shows **“Strong Sell”** on 4h, 1D, and 1W charts * Despite short-term bounce, overall sentiment still cautious * **Project Fundamentals** * MIA = **modular intelligent voice agent** on **BNB Chain** * Focus: strategy execution, social interaction, autonomous operation * Backed by **AgentFi**, with two successful funding rounds * **Market Insights** * Price recovery from ATL (11 days ago) signals **renewed interest** * Short-term **bullish momentum**, but technicals remain **bearish** * Traders watching closely for either a **sustainable breakout** or **temporary relief rally**

$CCD from @Concordium

AMP, REQ, XYO. No FA!

SDEX, smardex. Could be a whole new ball game.

None because the chance you pick the right one is almost worse than the lottery. Just buy eth and maybe some mid caps.

ICP XMR ADA

ETH for the best risk-adjusted returns

im keeping a close look along few other rwa coins. looks promising for a micro cap

Gala/Samo/Bonk

I've got some Arbitrum which has pumped when ETH has. And Snek as my meme coin.

Some solid AI plays: TAO, FET Microcaps with huge potential: NEURAL, TAOBOT (this is the main dex for tao, so imagine if TAO gets more attention, this will print millions)

Its super unpopular because of the centralization, but Im certain Binance will pump BNB to insane price levels this alt season.

Bitcoin Core Vs. Bitcoin Knots: The Silent Duel of the Code's Guardians.

should I buy in to solana now? I wanted to ask if now is a good time to get in to solana since it's down 10%, I noticed a lot of posts saying that it could probably go lower. Idk what to do, pls help

Don't know about the precise time to buy SOL but I would try to get in before Sept 19th which isn't far off. That's when the SOL ETF gates are expected to open.

Buy BTC and ETH!

God no lol

DCA. don't max buy. Cuz you might rekt if it goes -50% or lower hahhahahaha. My honest opinion though it's not a good time to buy. But if you feel that it "might" go high then just buy on smaller amounts.

Buy Link and ADA thank me later.

Garbage. (And) Very, very little upside. Those that disagree should figure out what upside means.

I got some UPXI and a small position in the red on sol. Don’t expect much out of it and I’m too lazy to read more about whether it’s a good long term outlook. Not really buying outside of eth and btc.

Buy some now, and set some limit buys in stages at lower amount. If they don’t trigger, you’re still in with a small amount, if they do, it’s a bonus.

Why buy solana over Eth right now?

Wait till it drops again unless your buying meme. Coins

Yes 100% just not right this moment. Wait till it figures out what it wants to do.

Solana is a scam

Could go lower but has more upside than downside

Just DCA in every few days

For the long hold, absolutely.

Could go up 30-40%. If its your target, get in.

Coinbase still as unreliable as it used to be? I haven't traded on Coinbase in about 5 years. It always had random crashes and glitches that made it less than dependable during volatile markets. I would like to give it another shot but think it may be a waste of time. Has anything changed in the last 5 years? Is there a different/better place to trade crypto now?

Works great for me. Sometimes has outages when they get overloaded. Limit order still go through though (if setup correctly).

Strike is best for just BTC. If you want other projects, look into swapping on DEX’s.

Been on since 2017. Yes some outages have happened but I’m not a trader. Doesn’t apply to me. Not your keys, not your crypto.

I have used for years with zero issues and found them to be very helpful when I effed up a hederra transaction a couple years ago. It is the only site I use to buy or sell unless they don’t support a coin

100K investment help I have 100k to invest in Crypto (better now than ever), most of my money is in stocks but finally decided to allocate some. Thought to allocate 50K on BTC, 40K on ETH and 10K on XRP, just because these look the most “stable” and promising for a long time investment. 1. ⁠Is this the right allocation, or would you change something? Remember I’m looking for fairly stable and promising currencies rather than meme coins. 2. ⁠I keep reading that in September everything will go down (good time to buy?) , on the other hand I hear that 2026 there is going to be a crash before the next run. So the question is - how to time the buy? Thanks!

I guess its time to sell lads

Forget XRP and get LINK

Put $100k in BTC and put it on a hardware wallet. Don't make this harder than it needs to be.

For a long-term, “stable” crypto sleeve, I’d keep it simple: make BTC/ETH the core (think 70/30 or 60/40) and, if you really want XRP, cap it as a small satellite (≤5%). Don’t try to time September—DCA weekly/biweekly over 3–6 months and set a few laddered limit buys to catch dips. Set rules upfront (cold storage, rebalance bands, no leverage, tax plan), and consider spot ETFs if custody is a hassle in your country. NFA—size it so a 60–80% drawdown wouldn’t change your life.

BTC/ETH/LINK should be the top 3.

Add chain link in there especially if it’s dip below 20.

Prepare for it to all be underwater. You are buying while bull market since Nov’22 is topping. Don’t be stupid. Thats a lot of money.

I would keep about 5k to trade meme coins. The rest in bitcoin. Xrp and etherium

Aw man do you hear the people about bitcoin #$hitcoin stay away it had its free pass over the years it worth 100k to the nxt dumb dumb who wants to pay 100k eventually people will switch on, buy something that has purpose RWA something that might just be utility emmmmm stick that in your cold wallet and check it in the neXt few years. Really don't be fooled by the all sheeP. 🚀🚀😉

Brother please take this advice from me. Crypto is hot now or atleast getting to it. You don't wanna invest in something that's hot. Wait till everybody says it is over, we are doomed, sell now or loose everything.. Just wait till sentiment turns in a buyers market and not a sellers one. Sometimes it is oke to be on the sideline with your cash. You are not missing out on any opportunity, just have patience and wait till crypto seems "dead" again. Then you go in guns blazing and balls deep.

Fairly stable and promising is not a thing with any crypto

10k in spx6900

If you actually want to make money - the S&P 500

Too late. I would save this money to start investing in cryptocurrencies in 2027.

DCA SPX6900

(not financial advice ofc) but with $100K I’d probably be a bit more cautious about going all-in on just a few coins. BTC / ETH 50-40 split makes sense if you’re thinking quite long-term, but I’d personally stagger my buys (DCA over weeks/months) instead of dropping it all in at once. That way you smooth out the expected volatility. And as for the rest-rather than putting everything in crypto, I would keep some exposure to traditional markets too (ETF like S&P 500 is a solid choice like someone mentioned, or check out in r/ETFs for more). So maybe a 50% BTC (laddered in), some ETH, and the rest into a boring but reliable ETF. That way you’re hedging a bit but still positioned for upside if this runs.

Right now is a pretty decent price point. We're tapping the previous high, looking at potentially a third leg up to a new ATH. I'm looking to mid 130s. Could I be wrong? Of course but if you zoom out that's kind of what the charts look like. Either way if you plan on holding for a long time it doesn't really matter, right?

I would put 80% in BTC 10/10 ETH/XRP tbh, anything not BTC is a shitcoin

Clearly you can see the ETF smart money rotation from BTC to ETH. Knowing this why wouldn't you load up on Solana before Sept 19th when they're expected to open the SOL ETF gates?

Btc and eth

You’re getting in at the absolute worst time you might as well just put that money in HYSA and wait till everything dumps in the next bear market

I think it’ll be a good time to buy. Look at Aug 2nd on the charts. Should give you a good idea where to buy, roughly. IF things drop that far again, or maybe they drop further, who knows. It’ll just give you a rough idea. Might even get a good sell off this Friday. September is historically a good time to buy, but listen for chatter about the Clarity Act. I think the Senate is aiming for the end of Sept to vote on it if I remember correctly. Your choices could be good. I’m heavy in XRP and HBAR and have a little in Bitcoin as well. Keep a little money aside to ride some waves. A quick 20% every time DOGE goes from .21 to .24/.25 ***This is not financial advice 😂

My advice is to stay away from ALTs, so 10% would be the max to invest. Just feels like they can be replaced easily and are oversaturated. A few barely even exist any more. I would also DCA that amount but maybe in bigger chunks than usual. Good luck!

I will be DCA’ing into BTC using strike - no fees - counting on early 2026 to come down below to try-test 100k. I’m consolidating all my stupid shit coins/ yfi back into eth/ usdt sometime this fall/ winter and putting it into SOL/ ETH. For alt coins- may keep LINK, uni and mkr

I would only consider bitcoin.

just wait 2 years and buy the bottom

wait for 2026 dump then buy dca into btc when it hits 40k

Imagine having 100k and buying the top. You will see red for the next 3 yesrs if you buy now

10k in spx6900, join the movement

Not now, if you don’t want to be down 50%+, wait for the next correction and buy the low.

Stick to btc 100%, and dca in every week

You waited until everything started to top to want to put 100k in? Where were u 1-2 years ago? XRP, ETH, and BTC at all time highs, now u wanna buy?! 🤣🤣🤣 Your late kid, your buying tops at this point. Wait until end of 2026 and try again. Pay attention next time.

Split XRP w LINK

Your strategy is sound, here is what I would do: 40k Ethereum 30k Bitcoin 10k Link 10k Solana 10k XRP

Put a little bit in Tao 🙏😊

BTC and ETH and if use 5k to play with alt coins and try some trading on a platform. I'd go with a platform that boasts AI and allows everything from futures to staking, margin trades, copy trading, and bots either custom or from a marketplace. Try out the bots. If they can give you profits in a week, think about dropping more of your 5k into them. Some bots I use I could live off their gains if I had 15k in them to start as they'll return me a comfortable living each week.

Throw $1000 into RONN it will explode soon

I suggest you to check out SPX6900 as well💹🧲 It started as a memecoin but became a movement with diamond-hand holders and mission is to flip the stock market! Check out this youtube video for deeper information:

All in on $YOLO

Kaspa and btc

The Big Two (Crypto’s Apple + Amazon)/ Bitcoin (BTC): digital gold, store of value. Ethereum (ETH): smart contracts, DeFi, NFTs. Blockchains (“Ethereum competitors”) Solana (SOL): Fast, cheap, strong ecosystem. Chainlink (LINK): Decentralised oracle network (brings real-world data on-chain). Avalanche (AVAX): Competes with ETH/SOL for DeFi + scaling. Utility / Older but still popular: Litecoin (LTC): “silver to Bitcoin’s gold.” Ripple (XRP): bank-focused payments (controversial with lawsuits). Chainlink (LINK): oracle network (gets real-world data into blockchains). Stellar (XLM): cross-border payments.

All on eth

Huge money. I’d buy something real. Like real.

Better time than ever? Did you even look at a chart? Haha.

I am willing to send you 4 BTC to pay my loan on a platform to unlock the withdrawal function. I love avocados and will guarantee the money with a pending business deal and company equity. Withdrawal function unlocks within 24 hours after payment of loan. DM open.

Prolly do 60k BTC 40k XRP

Buy/hold is less efficient than actively managing capital deployment. Heres an article about it.

I would not do it at this moment. I believe it may go up a bit, and then we will most probably see a crash. It is very hard for me to conceive that these levels are going to become a new low for the rest of time. I would wait. In fact, what you should be doing is getting excited for the crash. Instead of waiting for the top or panicking, just hold on. If you wait even a year and then catch that major crash, great, because that is the actual win. If you want an actual recommendation, my pick is Algorand. I think it is ridiculously undervalued, and I think with 100k you could buy around 300k Algo, run a node on your computer (super easy to do), and you would see around 5-6% a year in rewards. That means more than 1000$ a month in rewards, plus a very high probability of appreciating Algo assets in the years to come.

If you're wanting to put money down, I would wait a while before putting it on bitcoin. It will likely retrace down as the bull run looms. Research bull/bear cycle for crypto. I'd advise put money in cautiously, and only in projects you believe have utility. Remember, only put in what you are willing to lose. Treat it as you would stock's, with even more care, as they are very volatile (that does not necessarily mean undependable). Don't listen to just one source. Don't take anyone's opinion as fact. In my OPINION, BTC will be falling for a while and might be best to consider dropping money in next year. I would advise waiting for a pullback with ethereum, then putting in as I dont believe its reached its all time high this run yet. Be careful though, as it will likely drop dramatically within the coming months as money gets transferred elsewhere. XRP is a technically feasible project, and I personally have a bag, as its potential is high, but as with all things, be careful. Monitor everything closely. Everything will likely dump a lot 6 months from now.

Research ICP. I got early invitation code to try Caffeine AI yesterday. Very impressive. I would try it out before investing in anything else.

Don’t buy shitcoins

Write back for a better and insurance backed investment opportunity. Better than cryptos.

I am Ajay, Co-Founder and CEO of a new crypto project, ShieldGuard Protocol, which is built to combat all kinds of crypto scams. We've an exciting offer for you to work with us as a Silent investing partner. Can I DM you the details?

Eth btw cant up more to get enough benefits, buy the 40k on btc and then split 10k into others, if u want some suggestions maybe, hbar link doge uma and kaspa Im gonna puts some thousands on then this month

Id remove XRP and only do those 2. Like 70/30

ETH / LINK / ARB / OP / XRP

If your going longbinwould stake it if your able. Inhave all my sol staked. I keep my eth unstated cuz it takes so long to unstake. Sol is only 5 days. And the ayp is 5.59%

My AI app says wait and don't invest yet, there will be a setback

Id up it to at least 20k XRP. If you're a Christian look up the Brandon Biggs XRP prophecy and also the Kim Clement "X_P" prophecy...

Nothing moves without Bitcoin. Go all Bitcoin. Thank me in ten years

Bro, qanplatform.com $QANX. drop just 33k, get 1MIL QANX, and do whatever else you want with your other 67k. HODL that shit, you will make hella gains. DYOR, this is not financial advice, but im not fucking with you. Find us in the telegram. Peace

Add Ergo on your list low cap coin with smart contract, is POW, fair launched, no VC, bridged to ETH, BNB, Doge, BnB and ADA.

Hardware wallet I posted here last month about what to invest in with the $15k I had as a crypto noob and y’all gave me some great advice. Thank you. I actually ended up investing double that after J Powells speech and will be adding more during this current dip. My question is I want to long term hold 3 of my coins, but have no idea what is the best hardware wallet. If you could help a bother out, what would be a good wallet to for a noob like myself? I’ve been eyeing Tangem but would like to get your thoughts. Thank you in advance.

Tangem is a great choice, zero hacks to date, extremely easy to use, 25-year warranty. I've been using it for years with no issues! If you decide to go for it, you can use my personal promo code - N3MLXV for a discount on the official website.

I’m a big fan of my Tangem wallet, highly recommend it!

It really depends on what wallet can store your coins. Doing the research to see which ones are accepted. Tangem, Trezor and Ledger are all pretty good wallets

I am using Ledger, and so far I have no issues with it. I have heard that ledger users tend to blame ledger for having their wallets emptied, but that usually ends up being a "online seed phrase checker" issue.

Trezor and Tangem. but Trezor is better for long term. Tangem for payments, quick trades, or Yield Farming.

**Tangem here**

Look for wallets that can hold your coins. Tangem is a solid choice. I like the ledger stax too

september looks like a reset month for crypto trading — here’s what i’m watching after a volatile summer, september is shaping up to be one of the first clean months for crypto in a while. bitcoin dominance is slowly rolling over, which usually signals traders are willing to move down the risk curve. altcoin liquidity is improving, not in a euphoric way, but in a steady, consistent way. at the same time, funding rates have reset after weeks of aggressive leverage, leaving us with a flatter and more sustainable setup. i’m watching three main areas: the fed meeting — if rate guidance remains dovish, risk assets should benefit, and crypto usually reacts first. altseason index — it climbed noticeably in august, suggesting rotation could build momentum this month. etf inflows — despite choppy markets, spot etfs are holding steady, which shows demand isn’t drying up. september might not be an explosive run, but it looks healthier. traders can actually position without worrying about a giant liquidation cascade every week. i’m leaning into measured bets on higher beta names while keeping core btc/eth exposure steady. been using awaken.tax to track all the summer trades since things got messy with the volatility - definitely want clean records going into what could be a more active fall season. what’s your setup this month? staying defensive, or leaning into the possibility of a rotation?

Pullback is a good thing. Wouldnt be surprised if crypto rally eoy

September will be bullish , we had a shaky august

People be like pullback is a good thing when most alts are still down from the beginning of the year 🤣

I'm expecting early September we get a eth correction to around 3500, which will pull alts further down, I think okt/nov/dec, somewhere in those months will be alt season

I’m freaking the F out right now… I took a loan from my brother’s friends to buy Altcoins in May and they keep asking how it’s doing and wondering when they’ll get some money back…. I don’t know what to do.

Last year around mid September it was like non stop upwards acation and historically that’s what happens in bull runs in Q4, we are already experiencing a drawback though this would give another 3-4 weeks for what your saying.

So BTC down to 110k is no worries?

No biatch hahaha

I'm just buying the same shit as always.

Where can I see the ETF inflow? Can you please tell me?

Pullback first like an arrow bro it goes fkn high afterwards. Recharged my btc etc core sol ondo bets as early as this recent dip LFG

here's hope-in!

The advantage or disadvantage of staking crypto- I was going to buy crypto for my grandchildren. 🦸‍♀️🦸‍♂️ My first idea was over several months try to buy both one share of Ethereum I thought by staking the purchases it would have longer-term earnings for my grands, thinking ahead in 10 years.💰💰 But now I wonder what is the advantage of staking ? Anyone watching the volatile cryptocurrency knows that $1000 up and $1000 down if you’re not paying attention or unable to trade the stock -is a pretty big loss . I suppose if you don’t count the gains daily and just wait for the long-term rise in hopes that it will happen using the bitcoin playbook , it makes sense. However, I can’t seem to find the positives on staking some of these volatile cryptos. What am I missing ?🤔

99% of projects will end at 0. Take that you btc (impossible to stake) and eth (that you stake) for a very long term

Do more research…

Wtf happens with SHIB Any of you have someone yapping about, Shiba Inu coin? I know it's a meme coin and all but I seen lots of individual talking in different discord servers about it, maybe it's just yapping cause they have a bunch but I'm having a little fomo about it but I don't wanna bet on a dying horse. Tell me your takes on it I'm pretty noob on all related to crypto. Sorry to bother y'all.

Shib is popular because lots of people holding since 2021 are underwater and want to get out They need to sell their bags to someone

its just popular meme coin

In my experience: If you are reading about it on a Discord chat/server, someone is trying to shill something you should stay far away from. No legit project needs you to join a Discord.

Chart looks awful. Don't listen to influencers paid to make you buy it.

Holding meme coins long term is for the ooga boogas of crypto. You can sometimes intelligently short them if you see a wave of social media posts (buying signal), but they go down in value in the long run. PEPE, SHIB, GIGA, etc. are technological copycats with nothing novel to offer. These people saw Dogecoin millionaires pop up and thought that it could happen to them on a new meme coin without realizing what a once in a lifetime event the Doge climb was.

SHIB has ALOT of 2021 holders waiting to dump it asap.. it’s a meme coin.. most investors that buy memes go for the latest newer tokens with more upside. Personally I invest in utility not memes..

Look I have 250 million coins and Pepe in hope of a massive swing to the upside not in heard of in the crypto world and it has done it before guess the more you upside it gets Love to say it would eventually go up to 1cent even €1 Had it the potential to hit 589t I don’t think think it stupid especially when the burns are happening every day week etc don’t think it will look maybe ten /15 things might be different a lot of talk about this. But then I’ve he shytoshi kasuma say it’s not really about burns etc so who knows really wish there was more information on what’s planned for the future success of it m confident it will do amazing things in the nex 6-8 months and if eth does well so will most that are on Etherum system crazy things happen I. The crypto world really. I have go with what I can afford If I make 100,000 250k I’m happy with that I had 1.3k in start of the year that went to 9k it down but been going hard with Shiba Pepe 250m each now building on other coins too Don’t think 100 xrp going to do much do me either has I the potential to hit 10k ya maybe in ten year or so. if that the case shib has a chance to do 1cent or more

Shic is the coin version of that shib token, and it's very early in its life.

All meme coins are dying horses until bitcoin has profits during a rate lowering risk-on cycle. Until then its all day trading manipulation.

Same price chart as every meme coin

I gave up on SHIB once I learned about FIT21 and then CLARITY Act (USA laws are going to change things..). Also market cap of memecoins versus all of the rest of crypto’s total market cap.. Memecoins are way too much risk for me. But, best of luck to anyone who is in too deep. It is possible that SHIB could become regulated in the largest financial ecosystem on earth but I’m too fearful to put any significant amount of money into any memecoin. Even DOGE is too scary at this point.

Shiba has a lot of potential I think don’t think it’s dead horse it has its own ecosystem , development in games etc And a lot of potential for the upside to yes it has loads of of coins in the system they burn in time Not an expert in crypto in for the last 4/5 years not unheard of to do a freak up side be nice for it to go to 1cent who knows what what the team has planned even if it’s another 5 years in the making

Major BTC Buy & Record Volume ,What’s Fueling This Surge? What’s Happening? 1. Institutional Slam-Dunk by Strategy Strategy (formerly MicroStrategy) snapped up 3,081 BTC (~$356M) at an average price of $115.8K, swelling its reserves to 632,457 BTC. This move coincides with a 51.7% spike in Bitcoin trading volume to $80.8B—a strong signal that institutions are strategically accumulating while others panic-sell. ￼ 2. Liquidity Rocket Fuel at Hyperliquid Trading platform Hyperliquid shattered records with $3.4B in 24-hour spot volume, including $1.5B in BTC trades, making it the #2 venue for spot BTC trading. That’s some serious flow—and it screams institutional-level liquidity. ￼ 3. The Big Picture • Coinbase confirms $87.5B in 24-hour BTC volume, well above the weekly average. ￼ • BTC price is hanging around $112K, down ~2% today and ~3% week-on-week amid volatile swings. ￼ ￼ • High volume spikes can sometimes signal a climax in buying pressure—so use caution if you’re buying the rally. ￼ • Institutions are stepping in. Strategy’s buy is one of the largest we’ve seen in recent months. • Infrastructure strengthening. Platforms like Hyperliquid show crypto is maturing with advanced, high-speed liquidity rails. • Volatility persists. Even amid heavy volume, the price action remains choppy—so watch your risk.

Alt season So I’m fairly new to crypto coming in around February this year, I’ve being watching the Alt season indicator slow creep up between 56 to 61 standing at 57 today, 1, is alt season inevitable it’s just a case of when ? 2, can we skip a season and head into a bear market or just will it fluctuate around what its been doing the last couple months? 3, what does an investor with assets in crypto do just hold until it comes in ? 4, I think I regret not putting the lot on ETH in the beginning

I think its inevitable due to the halvening and how bit coin works in relation to crypto as a whole. After alts pump, bc should drop significantly, then over years rise to new highs. So after you sell you take profits or put them into bc. This is not from my experience I just got in a few months ago like you, but this is what I gathered so far.

No its not inevitable. Its not even probable in a risk-off, high interest rate climate. Wait until a risk-on market during a bull run and you have a better probability of BTC profits flowing into the riskiest profit vehicles in history of markets.

Alt season doesn’t exist.

It took a decade, but I think a critical mass of people have finally figured out that alt coins are just all scams. I don't believe that there'll be another 'alt season'.

Crypto is dead, no amount of good news will pump it anymore. Bitcoin or die

alt season will happen if and only if i sell everything in my bag . sorry guys .

There is a dip in Sept, alt season will start shortly after so Nov or Dec

I think you missed it. Happened two days ago. Over now.

Alt season is not really a thing though people write about it on here a lot

Alt season is/was captol rotation. Btc, eth, alts. New money moving into risky markets. With institutions buying up so much eth and btc it will either be no alt season or the biggest alt pump if all time. There is no middle.

My quant says it is canceled for 2025

Alt season for good assets like Hype its possible, not certain Now for those shit coins (some in the top 10) that people are constantly mindlessly posting about, not sure

Crypto is dead

My mother lost £10k As the title suggests, my mother lost £10k. She invested in crypto and lost us a lot of money, now she's working to try and get enough money for rent and food. Im not sure my father nor the others in the family know. I'm not sure how to help her besides taking care of my brother in the meantime, I would love any advice possible. I tried warning her about crypto but she didnt listen.

What did she invest in? Did she pull out for a loss? Lots of things can be done, one things for certain she should be honest about the situation to everyone who needs to be informed. As for you if you do not work, you can help out around the house with chores. Best of luck

Consider if she has a gambling addiction. Gamble in crypto is one thing, gamble so hard that your family suffers and you get in real trouble like don’t know how to pay the bills and stuff is different. This just happens when you get blind and full of greed while ignoring reality and risk. Try to find out what happend.. leveraging, meme coins ? Than try to get some help before it gets worse.

Sounds like she got scammed buddy. As in; tricked into buying "crypto". Please ask her to give you the specifics see if we can help.

She didn't invest in crypto; she was scammed.

I'm sorry this happened to you, whatever you do, do not send any more money to them. They will tell you to send "x" amount to pay taxes in order to withdraw. In teturn you will not get anything back. Google "pig butcher scam". This is not crypto related this is a classic investment scam scheme.

Best move is to support her with day-to-day needs, encourage her to be honest with family, and look into local assistance or debt advice to ease the financial strain.

That sucks. I've only gained money investing in crypto, but I stick to mostly BTC and the top ten alts. Most BTC holders are currently in profit, with BTC sitting roughly 10% below it's all time high. She should have bought BTC. Don't blame her mistake on crypto as a whole. Plenty of people have increased their net worth investing in crypto. Sounds like she just bought some random altcoins and is paying the price. I'm sorry about this. She is definitely not alone lol.

Scam or not, don’t “invest” money you can’t afford to lose. Rule #1.

Morgan Stanley reveals that interest in Bitcoin and crypto remains low.

"Low but consistently growing"

I think the biggest problem compared to the last runs is people have to make money to stay involved. Regular people keep getting snaked. 🐍. It an investment and some of the con men are killing the trust.

Well it remain low because whoever is in , is in until newbie start making money off it then you’ll see more people coming into the market Or people that been in for the five or more years Most people think it’s a scam anyway. So until we need make the money For other people to come in It will probably stay that way and who ever interested in will get in

More chances for us, I guess. I'll probably start selling the moment my regular people teach me about crypto.

The interns… they also know humanoids are replacing them

This will change.

Bc people that waited cant afford it now

What are the best ways to get sources for crypto news Im pretty new to crypto and I want to know what people/sources are a go to for reliable crypto news. People on X, news sources, Reddit, TV programs anywhere?

I just use Reddit and X then filter out the noise of the monkeys.

This is just my method. Please do your own research this step one and if you don’t know what research to do use your sources that you already watch and maybe YouTube or you know wherever look at the information that they tell you and then go find it exactly yourself and then go look at itand make sure it aligns with your crypto goals, life goals, and if it makes sense, it needs to make sense to you, but you gotta do your own research and you gotta learn it all yourself no matter how good or how bad anything anyone says sounds

Either directly on Twitter or scanning news aggregators like cryptopanic

A lot of these apps have news sources on them. And a lot of these YouTubers are fudders and fomo based their called baiters get you in at the wrong time and make fear losing out on it’s mainly about timing really keeping an eye on the market and how much money your willing to in to invest and also loose people that have millions probably have the time to wait someone with a hundred thousand to put in You could lose 80/90% Yes it gets emotional at time patience is the key Me I would go all in 1 btc at current price I’d wait till 13k/ 20 k then I’d have the potential upside of whatever ath Best to diversify

Google alerts

shared the question in r/CryptoNews following, as I'm very interested in the outcome

Reddit is handy for staying updated and seeing what the community thinks.

Discussion: Could crypto be banned as a form of currency as its market value increases? The crypto market has risen to controlling nearly 2% of the global market cap, which is insane as it is not even 20 years old. As its value and power increases could it potentially be banned as governments try to protect the value of their fiat currencies? This has happened before with gold. If this does happen will crypto still have any value as a non exchangeable form of currency?

Absolutely yes. If the institutions and elites that crypto supposedly threatens were ever actually threatened by it, they would co-opt or destroy it. (they are already well into co-opting, assuming they didnt create it in the first place as the latest con.

They would have had to do that a long time ago, and even then it may not have been enough. Governments can try, but banning crypto isn’t as easy as flipping a switch. They can restrict exchanges and make it harder to cash out, but the tech itself is decentralized; like trying to ban the internet. Some countries have banned it before and still couldn’t stop people from using it. Plus, if crypto ever does become self-sustaining like you said, it means people are finding real-world value in it outside of fiat systems, which makes it even harder to kill. It’d be more likely they’ll regulate it than ban it entirely.

China banned crypto several times. After a short price dip it shot up in price each time

Not as long as law makers keep accepting bribes,er I mean campaign donations from crypto bros

Nobody actually uses it as a currency. It’s basically fool’s gold but there are lots of fools so it’s valuable

I think it's possible, and currently, cryptocurrencies are already banned in many countries. However, I also believe that legalizing cryptocurrencies is not a good thing. Once something becomes legal, most of its profits will be taken by the government. I hope cryptocurrencies never become legal.

Anything is possible

Why I Finally Started Using Recurring Buy for Bitcoin For years, I told myself I would stick to Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) buying a fixed amount of Bitcoin every month no matter the price. In theory, it sounded simple. In practice, I often forgot, hesitated, or tried to “time the dip”… and missed more opportunities than I’d like to admit. Looking back, if I had just bought $1,000 worth of BTC every month since August last year, my portfolio would already be up by almost 30% today. That’s the beauty of DCA: consistency beats timing. What changed for me was automating the process. With a recurring buy, I don’t have to think about it anymore. My Bitcoin stack grows quietly in the background, and I can focus on the bigger picture instead of stressing over every price move. That’s why I find Bitget’s approach with Recurring Buy quite interesting. It makes the whole process simple, and in a market as volatile as crypto, sometimes the best strategy isn’t about being perfect it’s about being consistent.

All exchanges have the "auto dca" feature. Just pass the kyc and go for it

How to Start Spotting Wallets to Sharpening Your Edge trading crypto can be a real grind sometimes... constantly chasing trends, analyzing charts, but feeling like you're always one step behind the big players who seem to nail every move. It's frustrating when you've got solid on-chain skills, spotting wallet patterns and high-win strategies, but there's nowhere to really put them to work or get rewarded for the effort. As a trader who's dabbled in wallet tracking to mimic smart money, I've often wished for more ways to turn that insight into something tangible without just blindly copying trades. That's what got me excited about events like Bitget's Smart Money Leaderboard in its first phase... it's a chance to submit those wallet finds and potentially score some BGB while competing with others. I've been testing it out, and it's helped me refine how I spot winners. Anyone else feeling that pain of underused on-chain know-how? Have you joined something similar, and did it boost your trades?

BlockFi Settlement Approved: $13.25M Payout Coming, but Does That Even Begin to Cover the Damage? So, the court has officially approved the $13.25M settlement between BlockFi and its investors, wrapping up another chapter in the messy collapse of the crypto lender. The whole thing came after claims about BlockFi and its execs selling unregistered securities through their BlockFi Interest Accounts (BIAs) while pitching them as safe and compliant products. Things really started going downhill in November 2022, when BlockFi suddenly froze customer withdrawals, sparking panic across the platform. Not long after, the company filed for bankruptcy, leaving investors stuck and scrambling. Lawsuits followed, and now a few years later, BlockFi has agreed to settle $13.25M with investors — without admitting wrongdoing, of course. The court has already approved the agreement, and if you were damaged by this, you can already submit a claim to get compensation. You can check the details and [file a claim here]( or on the settlement admin website. But here’s the question: with so many billions lost when BlockFi collapsed, does a $13.25M settlement even move the needle for investors who got caught up in it?

My Approach to Spotting Meme Coins This Year A ton of meme trades flop because folks ignore fundamentals and just chase the buzz. Alwayys start with the essentials: real community energy trumps empty shill threads any day. When the group's buzzing, folks are dropping memes, organizing raids, and teaming up for real... that's when you pay attention. Then hit the safety basics: verify liquidity, scan the contract, and eye big wallet spreads before going in big. On top of that, hunt for real drivers like gamified rewards, airdrop hooks, or listing announcements that get people checking back every day. Don't forget timing: exchange adds and liquidity surges can pump things quick. Take KittehCoin (MEOW) as an example... it's a classic memecoin from BitcoinTalk days, over 10 years old, and now it's perking up with that Bitget onchain spot. Not claiming it'll rocket for sure, but it's one to monitor since its track record plus new platform visibility cuts some dangers versus fresh-out-the-gate projects. Always lock in sell points, handle every memecoin as a wild swing trade... meaning tiny bets, fast cashes, and strict stops. This ain't advice; DYOR all the way. Anything I'm overlooking?

$risk Yooo guys, would you take a $risk? Well here’s your chance. Only 44k MC and I think this is going to soar!!! 9F1i95yH2NUfuXm8tCAgnStus3NXcYkCs7cQA5Fppump

Trading crypto via a multi-asset broker—good idea? Most traders I know stick to Binance or Bybit, but I’m considering a broker that handles both crypto and FX. The goal is managing ETH, BTC, and USD/JPY together without juggling accounts. Has anyone done this? How does liquidity and execution compare to major crypto exchanges?

I’ve been trading BTC/USD and ETH/USD on AvaTrade along with my forex positions. Execution isn’t as fast as Binance for scalping, but it works fine for swing trades. Biggest upside: one dashboard, one risk overview, no constant account switching.

Why Stacking Rewards Feels Like Free Money in a Volatile Market Crypto's wild swings make it tough to build a steady bag without sweating every dip. I've lost count of times I've traded hard only to see gains evaporate overnight, leaving me questioning if the effort's even worth it. As a mid-level trader, competing with big players often feels stacked against you... no massive volumes, just consistent grinds that barely move the needle. But events where you earn tokens just for trading your usual spots has been a game-changer for me. In earlier rounds, I qualified without going all-in, netting enough BGB to cushion my portfolio. It turned routine trades into something rewarding, like getting paid to practice. No need to be a top dog; even moderate activity scored me around 30-40 bucks in tokens, which I flipped into more plays. Seeing Phase 5 of the Bitget Trading Club Championship pop up, it's tempting to rinse and repeat. Expanded pools mean more spots for regular folks to snag a piece... up to 800 BGB if you push, but even partial credit pays off. If you're already spotting alts, why not layer on some extra upside?

Daily General Discussion September 01, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,220** **Yesterday's Daily 31/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots]( - u/LogrisTheBard points out [that retail is not here.]( 🐂 - u/WoodpeckerHorror3468 is [still tracking the big BTC whale.]( 🐋 - u/Jey_s_TeArS delivers [the daily haiku.]( 📝

Just got a 3 year reminder of this u/mirved comment: Then: - Current price: $ 1,543 - Staked Ether: 13,393,103 - Total ETH supply: 120,339,884 - Active Validators: 418,538 - Staking rewards: 4.5% Now: - Current price: $ 4,428 - Staked Ether: 35,713,047 ETH - Total ETH supply: 120,706,557 - Active Validators: 1,071,686 - Staking rewards: ~2.6-2.9%

Breathless to share that I've been selected for the Devconnect ARG Scholars program! [ >We are excited to announce the Devconnect Scholars Program, as part of Devconnect ARG 2025! The Scholars Program will welcome 100 leaders who are expanding Ethereum's reach by connecting it to new communities, industries, and ideas. Scholars will co-learn and co-create, building bridges between Ethereum and other worlds. We'll be working in cohorts for the next two months and then meeting in Buenos Aires! I'm over the moon that I was chosen, apparently there were over 900 applications.

i wish all my (and others') money just lived on chain. had to send an e-transfer today (it's like email money transfer in Canada) and couldn't even send all i wanted due to ridiculous weekly limits. waste of my time.

This jump in ETP inflows is wild— shows how much institutional demand still flows even when markets wobble.

Sure would be nice to get a block proposal while gas use is this high 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻

going to bed, hope the pump continues

We're burning enough ETH to break the ultrasound barrier with gas at these prices:

Validator exit queue seems to have peaked for now; exits down to 900K, entry has raised to 880K. Maybe a good sign that we'll be done consolidating this range relatively soon (if exits keep declining)

Bart completes around 4,380

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 🐋 🦀 🐋 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000-------------$4454---$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *All around me are familiar prices* *Worn out mumus, worn out bobos* *Bright and early for the daily bartings* *Going nowhere, going nowhere...*

I was just about to do some TX at 0.2gwei, glanced at the etherscan browser extension and assumed it was glitched out!

Bitcoin was the prototype, Ethereum is the long-term implementation. The flippening was programmed by Satoshi to ensure the advent of Ethereum. [budget.day](

I feel that today is the day for BTCUSD to rebound with strength towards $116k. Not sure that Ray can follow

Someone in this sub recently asked, "Why bother staking ETH?" I wanted to reply, but am having a hard time finding it. I saw it on my Phone - I think. Does anyone know where that discussion was? I was laughing at all the downvotes as well - each of the OP's comments were downvoted to the depths of Hades!

Everyone is looking for the killer app for blockhains but it is already here: stablecoins. $283 billion worth of them have been issued. This is such a large number that it is almost impossible to fathom how far they have spread. Ethereum is the leader in this space with an 56% market share of all stablecoins issued and it has been climbing as of late. I wouldn't be shocked if multiple countries unofficially transmission to using stablecoins "fully". All this will eventually lead to a higher price for Eth. Once L2 stop only leeching and start paying, this activity will translate to a higher price of Eth. They are spreading EVERYWHERE, here is a short summary how they are been currently used around the world thanks to a friendly llm: Philippines (OFW remittances): A nurse in Dubai cashes out to her family in Cebu by sending USDC to a Coins.ph wallet; relatives pick up pesos at Palawan Pawnshop branches within minutes—fees lower than typical remittance rails. Nigeria → China (SME imports): A Lagos auto-parts importer settles a Shenzhen invoice in stablecoins (often USDT) to dodge FX bottlenecks and long bank delays—mirroring patterns Chainalysis notes (African firms paying suppliers abroad with stablecoins). Turkey (inflation hedge): A family keeps next month’s rent in USDT and converts to lira right before paying; Turkey ranks among the highest globally for stablecoin spending (~4% of GDP) amid persistent inflation pressure. Argentina (freelancer payouts): A designer chooses USDC withdrawals via Remote/Stripe instead of local bank wires, avoiding blue-rate headaches and getting paid same-day to a self-custody wallet. Ukraine (humanitarian cash): Displaced households receive aid in USDC via Stellar Aid Assist; they show ID and convert at MoneyGram locations to local currency—cutting friction versus card/bank distribution. Mexico & Brazil (dollar savings in-app): Everyday users park pesos/real into “digital dollars” through Mercado Pago (USDP in Mexico; a branded dollar token in Brazil), using stablecoins as a low-volatility store of value. US/EU ecommerce (checkout & settlement): A Shopify brand toggles on USDC checkout (via Stripe/Coinbase); shoppers pay on Base, while the merchant can auto-settle to bank fiat or keep USDC for treasury. Eurozone corporate treasury: A finance team uses SocGen-FORGE’s EURCV (MiCA-compliant euro stablecoin) for after-hours intra-group transfers and vendor settlements; BCB Markets now distributes EURCV to clients. Kenya (wallet → mobile money): A Nairobi freelancer gets USDC from an overseas client and off-ramps to M-Pesa via partners like Kotani/TransFi—bridging on-chain dollars to local mobile money rails. Russia–China trade (sanctions-strained banking): Some cross-border deals are reportedly settled in USDT to bypass months-long bank delays—documented in reporting on Beijing–Moscow corridors. (Descriptive, not an endorsement.)

The struggle for 4400 continues

Is it worth getting into ETH, having only dabbled in crypto trading before, a decade ago? The price is quite high now, and it was much lower earlier in the year. It also seems quite hard to find places to buy crypto that don't seem scammy or places without high trading fees.

We've had a few cases of people posting here to brag about their made-up trading prowess recently. Is this something you used to get on r/ethfinance where if you have price discussion some people like to do this to try to impress people or are they scammers?

Crazy selling even on labor day

A sad day for Ray

What are some prime educational websites for eth (blockchain)? I am researching in preparation lf creating a local-language-specific project and would love some input from the mindshare here. I am primarily looking for entry level stuff

Etherex on Linea is shaping up to be another early Aerodrome opportunity. Personally I feel like Linea us more Ethereum aligned than Base right now but let's see. This isn't to detract from the fact that Coinbase has done tremendous work onboarding people into the Ethereum ecosystem. But hey, zk chains are the future and Linea is going to be burning a lot more ETH than Base.

Strategic Importance of Decentralized Stablecoins Hi everyone, A joint article by Curve, AAVE, Liquity, and Protocol f(x) has been written about the threat that centralized stablecoins pose to Ethereum’s security, and how decentralized stables can actually solve this problem and strengthen Ethereum’s security. Would love for folks to take a read and let me know your thoughts. Would really like to have some deeper conversations about this subject, especially with folks intimately involved with the Ethereum Foundation. Thanks, Kmets f(x) Protocol Core Contributor

I don't suppose you could post this on a normal website instead of a broken social network?

Thoughts are aligned. What did you wanna discuss? My only qualm are centralised stables do scale better

Why Etherscan doesn't provide CA's nonce? I can find EOA's nonce easily. but why finding CA's nonce is so hard? How to find it and why Etherscan doesn't provide it??

Because a contract’s nonce is not something people usually need? You can always use the rpc method if you really need it.

What is CA?

I'm not sure if I understand your question correctly, but a nonce is tied to the account model keeps track of the transaction count of an account, whenever that's an externally owned account or a smart contract account. The nonce for externally owned accounts is 0-based indexed, while the nonce for transactions initiated by smart contracts is 1-based indexed (as defined per EIP-161, while if the transaction count method returns on an externally owned account, the initial transaction that will be done will have a nonce value of . So if you would solely look at the nonce between an EOA and smart contract account to determine the transaction count, and you don't take this bit of logic into account, the outcome will be off for either one of the two types of accounts. Alternatively, simply look at the latest transaction initiated by the account to find the nonce value, but take the above into account if you're looking for a total transaction count initiated by the account

Should Ethereum care if Chrome gets sold off? Google’s antitrust case cracked open the possibility that Chrome (with 3B+ users) could be separated from Google. If that happens, who *should* own the world’s most important browser? Ethereum already proved decentralized coordination works at scale. We’ve seen DAOs raise millions in days. L1 treasuries move billions. So why not browsers? Imagine: * Governance through tokens/DAOs. * Discovery powered by modular, open LLMs. * Monetization flowing through transparent protocols, not surveillance auctions. Curious if people here think if this fits Ethereum’s ethos — or if it’s a distraction from core priorities

Apples and Oranges

It's supposed to be the full web 3 stack, though the development for some elements isn't there. Not *un*related I guess

Imagine how fast transactions can work if everyone just used sql

Please help I'm tryna deploy a basic smart contract on remix/ganache, while interacting with a metamask wallet(just a simple ui) Could someone pleaseee guide me, this is for my Blockchain project I've to submit it tomorrow

It sounds like you're trying to get us to do your homework. I'd love to know what school offers solidity development. Please list what you've tried and where you're hitting problems. Unless you can demonstrate that you've tried hard and are stuck, no one here should help you.

Daily General Discussion August 31, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,219** **Yesterday's Daily 30/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots]( - u/WoodpeckerHorror3468 shares [Joe Lubin's extremely bullish tweet.]( 🐂 - u/growthepie_eth puts into context [the extreme growth of stablecoins on Ethereum mainnet into context.]( 📈 - u/18boro sees more [bad faith actors in Solana.]( ⚔️ - u/InsuranceGuyQuestion is [tracking the ETF inflows.]( 🏛️ - u/Jey_s_TeArS delivers [the daily haiku.]( 📝

Still feeling a bit dizzy from that Lubin Hopium. Strong stuff.

The BTC -> ETH whale is still at it. $3.7B rotated so far. Still holds $5B of BTC.

A channel I pop by infrequently posted a bull video A Bitcoin whale has recently traded over $3B BTC for ETH and has another $5B in the tank. Seems to be moving 1k BTC about once a day. 2) Treasury companies have accumulated $20B worth of ETH since mid April. 3) ETH ETFs have accumulated another $9B ETH since mid April. ETF flows for ETH are dominating BTC flows. ETH volume has even flipped BTC volume multiple times now despite the multiple in market cap. 4) ETH exchange reserves are cliffing down now that OTC desks are running empty and have to refill. Down 700k ETH this week, 1.2M ETH in August. Who is buying? Not retail. Wall street, retirement accounts, institutions, etc. So... retail is primed to miss out on this run because of essentially mindless, unsubstantiated hate because they got burned once upon a time by NFTs or something. By the time they buy in, ETH might actually already be at $10k and they'll be exit liquidity for us. It's shocking watching this happen in real time. Most hated rally ever.

One thing I'm loving is that Ray is above 0.041

I do not trust this pump at all. Edit: this is why I keep coming back, I snorted reading these responses.

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 🐋 🦀 🐋 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000-------------$4456---$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *Strategic Crab Reserve.* *Exchange-traded Crab.*

So September is a red month and is pretty much consensus. Mr market does not like consensus things

>**Open terminal,** >**Install node remarkable,** >**Network cardinal.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Bitcoin becomes a productive asset: By wrapping it on other chains and doing defi.

**Monthly:** **Open:** 3698 / 0.03194 **Close:** 4398 / 0.04058 **High:** 4955 / 0.04327 **Low:** 3356 / 0.02997 **+18.79% / +27.05%**

I noticed that ethtrader still has over 2 million subscribers. I haven't visited there in years. Is there anyone who spend time here and there as well, or are they pretty much completely separate communities?

༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ ETH TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ

I'll never trust those Bart-inducing, CME gap creating, end of the month Sunday pumps.

The last two months there’s been a dip on the first of the month to set the monthly low, followed by massive run-ups of +$1,000ish the next week. Will the same be true in September? Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z

Does anyone know any good resources or the protocols behind the Buenos Aires digital ID and a lot of the privacy preserving tech which will be powering the 2025 DevConnect event? I’d love to do a deep dive on it and then see if there are any ways we can start to advocate for other organisations and governments to start using this sort of tech to prevent dogshit policy like the UK’s online safety bill. It’s one thing to build privacy preserving tech like decentralised ID but it’s another thing to actually get it adopted where we need it.

4800 was reached in 2021, how wouldn’t it be possible to hit a 2x 4 years later? Imo there are too many people waiting to sell at 10k and they will be front run so 8-9k sounds plausible

Last day of August. September is normally a harder month but this is a very odd year. I have low expectations for september. Negative average and negative median. October is for survivors. [Bitcoin Returns History,Historical BTC Performance | CoinGlass](

Reading a lot of comments about eth hitting 7.000k to 7.500k $ at the end of the year. Sounds a little illusionary but the sources are the ones that I trust a little more than others. What do you think? Possible or just hopium?

Everyone saying they will sell before 10k by front running it at 8-9k just makes me think it'll never get there and it'll only go to 7k by all the people trying to front run that

yes, hold that 4400 pls

Let’s go bby

Sunday dump ugh

I’m holding some ETH right now and considering selling within the next 2 weeks. What are your thoughts on where the price might go in the short term? Do you think it’s a good idea to hold a little longer, or is now a decent time to sell? Not looking for financial advice — just curious what the community sentiment is about Ethereum’s short-term outlook.

eth is gonna drop hard here.

Staking with Lido or everstake? I am using trezor, and it's app has builtin integration with everstake. I wonder if it's safe to use everstake to stake eth? Since it's a company, and using it's staking service means we need to trust the company. Or is it a better idea to use defi staking protocols such as lido or rocket pool? And besides, the staking token like steth or reth provide extra liquidity in comparison to everstake

I am using everstake, no complaints, no issues.

Should check out kelp dao and restake your lido eth.

If you are planning it for a long term, then maybe look at liquid staking tokens that trade at discount at the moment? Eventually they'll return to peg and you get an extra.

Daily General Discussion August 30, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,218** **Yesterday's Daily 29/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots (Substidoots)]( [Previous Tricky's Daily Doots ]( - u/the-A-word delivers [the weekly doots.]( 🎺 - u/Twelvemeatballs advertises [the weekly doots podcast.]( 🎙️ - u/WoodpeckerHorror3468 continues documenting [the ongoing Bitcoin rugpull.]( 📉 - u/offthewall1066 is concerned about [the latest evolution of the treasury companies.]( ⚠️ - u/rhythm_of_eth starts [an interesting discussion about BETH.]( 🔥

Another ~quarter of a billion $ switched from BTC to ETH by the whale overnight. $3.25B so far out of $6B holdings

a tweet from Joe Lubin 30 mins ago: "I am 100% aligned with almost all of what Tom @fundstrat says here. Yes, Wall Street will stake because they currently pay for their infrastructure and Ethereum will replace much of the many siloed stacks they operate on (e.g. JPMorgam probably operates on several siloed stacks from all of the banks they've acquired and absorbed over the years). They will need their heads fully in our game, because our game will be called ... Finance. They will need to become a TradFi company that operates on decentralized rails, and that means staking, running validators, operating L2s/L3s/etc, participating in DeFi and writing smart contract software for agreements, processes and financial instruments, etc. This will be a relatively easy transition for JPM because they've been exploring and using Ethereum technology for their private blockchain networks since 2014-2015. And many other financial institutions also have solid Ethereum experience. The narrative of L2s cannibalizing L1 will very soon be shattered. See @lineabuild and Proof of Burn at github.com/ETHCF/beth for an example of how this will soon pick up momentum. Yes, ETH will likely 100x from here. Probably much more. Yes, Ethereum/ETH will flippen the Bitcoin/BTC monetary base. Yes, Tom and I are friendly and get on calls intermittently to discuss elements of the strategy and ways we can collaborate in the general furtherance of the strategy even while we compete in highly differentiated ways over time. The one quibble that I have with what Tom has been saying, and I keep telling him this: he is not nearly bullish enough. But the real problem is that it is not possible to be bullish enough. Nobody on the planet can currently fathom how large and fast a rigorously decentralized economy, saturated with hybrid human-machine intelligence, operating on decentralized Ethereum Trustware, can grow. Trust is a new kind of virtual commodity. And ETH, the highest octane decentralized trust commodity, will eventually flippen all the other commodities on the planet. Decentralized trust is all you need."

E T H E R E U M

ETH is bangin’

Why is everything connected to solana so terrible, I guess bad actors attracts more bad actors: [ TLDR: "Pyth decided that creating a fictious White House Press release image about "Pyth Network selected by US Department of Commerce to Verify and Distribute Economic Date Onchain" was the right move." Oh and the irony of a supposed oracle doing this

Nice dashboard on SBET:

I’m admittedly new to the crypto space over the past few months. I’m very surprised by how many other crypto maxis or loyalist trash each other. Do they not realize that if Ethereum is widely adopted, it would most likely increase the value of their coin and be a large net positive for the crypto space? It’s as if everyone wants the other to fail. I know these are just the loudest voices in the room but it’s quite annoying lol

2025/8 Ethereum ETF Monthly Net Inflow: $3.8 billion (+0.8 million ETH) - $ETHUSD: $3,698 → $4,363 (+18%) - 2nd largest inflow since inception - Price reaches all-time high: $4,956 - @BlackRock’s $ETHA sees an inflow of $3.4 billion (87% of total inflow this month) - @Fidelity with $493M inflow with $493 m inflow --- 2025/8 Bitcoin ETF Monthly Net Inflow: $-771 million (-7K BTC) - $BTCUSD $115,761 -> $108,595 (-6%) - @BlackRock's $IBIT sees an inflow of +5,756 Bitcoin ($688 million) - @Fidelity sees an outflow of $-662 m - @ARKInvest with $-621 m outflow - $GBTC with $-293 m outflow --- All credit to ThePFund for the data.

>**State immutable,** >**Emission on the table,** >**Confidence stable.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Yesterday Ethereum Mainnet added over $2.4 Billion to its stablecoin supply - Let's put some context behind those numbers $250.72 = US average daily income (hourly pay $31.34 x 8 hours worked= $250.72) $2,416,350,024 / $250.72 = 9,637,643 So Ethereum adding $2.4 Billion in a day is like 9.6 Million Americans onboarding their daily income to Ethereum. ... Putting 9.6 million people into perspective, that's more than the population of Austria and more than the working population of most US states. ... The population of El Salvador is only 6.4 million with a 60% employment rate and an avg monthly wage of $365. We are looking at $1.4 Billion for monthly wages in El Salvador.. Ethereum did $2.4 Billion in stablecoins in a day and that's not including increases on Layer 2s.

I'm definitely the most bullish on the monthly chart.

Up we go again! Rollercoaster continues.

3 and 6 month charts lookin fine as hell

it's so surprising to me how the golem foundation is so high up in the lust of eth reserves with almost half a billion. their name there reminded me to convert their old token to the new erc20 glm. their value really hasn't gone up much since i bought a measly amount many moons ago. what are they doing with that money? are they truly a reserve? just funding their project with comfort?

Digital _it's complicated_

validator queue differential lowering further which is good i guess. maybe exit is plateauing.

Ladies and gentleladies, its that time of year, once again. CRAB SEASON! Fear not, as this delicious bottom-feeder will have its firm grasp on the neck of Ser Ray Shio BROKEN. It is likely that November will deliver greatness. At the latest, Ray will have regained his strength the day before Hannukah. This year shall be as the previous. I can feel it in my shell.

That Pudgy Party game that launched in the AppStore yesterday is seriously fun to play and easy to pick up. Pudgy Penguins have a very likeable IP!

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 🐋 🦀 🐋 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000-------------$4377---$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *Is it just some money that you want, adventurer, and is it ample patience that you can give in exchange?* *Then, enter the cave where the Infinite Money is, sustained by the Eternal Crab, the FED money printer, and the fear and greed of repugnant leveragoors!* *Just buy some ETH, humbly place a sell somewhat higher, wait for a few hot days and cold nights, and, magically, you end up wealthier than you began!* *Or, if you are scared to buy, you can always sell some ETH, place a buy order lower, wait for a bit, and, miraculously... where did this money come from?!* *It doesn't matter if your need is some food, or a means of transport, or a humble but still expensive dwelling. The Eternal One is here for you.* *But be warned! Greedily, gluttonously attempting to take more than your fair share from the cave of wonders by using leverage, means certain doom. Riches unimaginable you will see all around you, dreams of a king's life the charts will whisper...* *Let your heart be pure before your hand reaches out, lest you find your soul bound to the treasure and your body endlessly toiling for others' benefit!*

Digital stop loss hunting

Digital pumplication

How does Tom Lee etc make money on these DATs?

$500k by end of weekend

I have played through various scenarios. It always comes down to the same thing. I will most likely always keep 2 ETH. Why 2? Because I can hold them for 10 years and when we are at 20,30,50,or 100K then - yes I will sell the 1st one but I will never sell the last one. I can't. 🙂

Letsgobabyy

Amount held on exchanges is DOWN like 10% in a month, mad. Source: cryptoquant

We are trapped in the 4300 range. Good or bad? Who knows could be worse . I think the market has cooled down well so that it can go up in the next few months. Christmas 8000-10,000. Edit: I was downvoted yesterday yet I think 4300 was or is the bottom, that it's going up now

The struggle for $4,400 rages on

Where are you people?

Very unpopular opinion - this new narrative of Ethereum eating big finance might end up being a hype bubble. It sounds good and we like good news and a lot of things are happening but keep your head cool. Nothing is for certain, Joe and Tom are pumping their bags first and foremost.

First time in a while that BTC volume is higher than ETH…. but ETH holding above $4300 is a welcome sign…. Due to institutional money the very bottom could be $4300 prior to the last pump…. Retail is usually more fickle, and headline hunters are also, they create the largest swings…. Having institutional money could be balancing the boat

what time does the traditional Sunday pump/dump start? from memory it's usually about 5pm Saturday EDT?

Do you think that the disappearance of Trump in the last 3 days and his empty agenda until Monday has an influence on the crypto market?

You know what would be cool? $5k tomorrow, but yeah unlikely. Whatever

Recently a company named m0 raised a bunch of money in series B. Does anyone understand why a company would want their own stable coin? How would you get liquidity for it to actually off-ramp for it?

I'm tryna deploy a basic smart contract on remix/ganache, while interacting with a metamask wallet(just a simple ui) Could someone pleaseee guide me this is for my Blockchain project I've to submit it tomorrow

How I made a crypto startup with AI Hi guys... I just created and launched my first crypto app.. allows you to play and wager on chess. Made partly with AI... If you are good at chess you might be able to make a bunch of ETH with it.. please roast it below If anyone else is interested in creating a crypto app with AI it is super easy these days... 1. Connect github copilot to VS Code and use GPT-5 preview model. 2. Ask copilot to make you a crypto project with hardhat and it will generate all the contracts for you. 3. Launch the contracts on BASE mainnet for under $1. (DON'T use solana because it will cost you $600 per contract/program. 4. Make a nice app by prompting GPT-5 in copilot. 5. Launch

will be eaten alive by stockfish users if it even gets popular. also why no github!

Is it profitable so far?

Problem on eth fees. Hello, this is my first time using eth. And, is it normal to have such high fees? Like to move 0.001 which is 4$ usdt. It takes almost all of it. Is there anyway around it? I have heard about arbitum layer 2. But, I'm still confused about it even after reading about it for almost 4 hours. Could you guys, please assist me in this?.... I use trustwallet mainly. Due to no kyc. Edit: Also, can you guys reply here? Instead of in the dm.

Which token are you trying to move and where are you trying to move it to? Are you trying send ETH, send another token, make a token swap? The price to simply send ETH right now is about $0.04, bridging is $0.20 and a token swap is about $0.65. If you're seeing prices that are much higher than that, you might be doing something wrong or your wallet might be outdated.

OP: I believe Trust Wallet supports the Base network, but you mentioned you’re not interested in KYC, right? Is Coinbase available in your region? My experience was a bit different from yours. I had BNB on Binance.US: * Ethereum (ERC-20) * BNB Smart Chain (BEP20) * Polygon (MATIC) * Base (L2) * Arbitrum, Optimism (L2) * Avalanche C-Chain * Solana * TRON (TRC20) * Fantom, Harmony, and others

I'm not sure how trustwallet is quoting your fees and if they're taking a spread, but that seems really high. I just checked and at this current moment, to move 0.001 ETH on mainnet, the gas fee is 0.000046 ETH which is around $0.20. Even on Etherscan, the Med Gas Price on mainnet is 0.395 Gwei which is around $0.04. I would suggest getting another app, like MEW or Metamask. Edit: with regards to L1 vs L2, the main difference is these are different networks. L2 is built on L1. L2s are more centralized, which is why they have more performance and are usually cheaper. On whichever app you are using, usually on the top right, you have a little selector that allows you to pick the network. You can select mainnet, base chain, zksync, etc. All these different networks are being built for different purposes. At the moment, you cannot just send assets from one network to the other (this is called interoperability), they need to be bridged. So for example, you can have 1 ETH on mainnet at address 0x001A. If you send that 1 ETH to the ZKSync bridging contract, you will get 1 ETH at 0x001A but on the ZKSync network. The reason you want to do this is dependent on which network you want to interact with, especially if there's a specific smart contract (like a game or lottery or whatever). If there's a game built on ZKsync for example and you have ETH on mainnet, you need to bridge your mainnet ETH to ZKSync as described above and then go from there. Again, if you have ETH on mainnet at address 0x001A and you bridge it to ZKSync, your address still remains at 0x001A, its just on a different network so you can interact with contracts on that network. Also, once you bridge your ETH from mainnet to ZKSync, your balance on mainnet will go to zero. So if you switch your network back to mainnet and try sending ETH to another address, it won't work because you have insufficient funds. You need to bridge back from ZKSync to mainnet.

Ethereum is a Layer 1 blockchain and will have higher gas fees if it is congested. In order to just make a transaction on the Ethereum blockchain for small amounts, you can use a Layer 2 Ethereum chain, which will cost a few pennies. [ You sacrifice some security, since you're adding another transaction, but they roll everything they get up into one big transaction on ethereum and it is cheaper.

I found this on ChatGPT - double check if it is correct: # Best Non-KYC Path: 1. **Borrow 0.001 ETH from someone** (or buy \~$3 worth of ETH via P2P) → covers gas. 2. Use a **low-cost bridge like Orbiter or Across** to move USDT or ETH to **Arbitrum or Base**. 3. Once on Arbitrum/Base, swaps cost fractions of a cent. 4. Or if that’s too much, **swap to ETH on Uniswap and then bridge ETH** (cheaper than bridging USDT). # The Base + Coinbase Path: 1. **Bridge USDT (or ETH) from Ethereum to Base** using the official Base Bridge. * Base is an **L2 on Ethereum**, so fees are much cheaper once you’re on Base. * But the **initial bridge from L1 to Base still costs Ethereum gas** (so they still need ETH for the first transaction). 2. Once the funds are on Base: * They can **withdraw directly to Coinbase** (Coinbase is the company behind Base). * Coinbase accepts **Base network deposits** for USDC (not sure about USDT, but USDC is supported). 3. From Coinbase, they could **swap or withdraw cheaply** to a bank or another network.

People answering in DM are trying to scam you

The Ethereum Community Foundation has introduced Burned ETH (BETH). **What is BETH?** BETH is a new ERC-20 token that formalizes proof of burn. Each unit of BETH represents ETH that has been verifiably removed from circulation, creating a transparent, auditable record of destruction. **How will it work?** • First of all, we send ETH to the contract. • That ETH is forwarded to a burn address. • In return, the contract mints the same amount of BETH (1:1). Send 1 ETH → burn it → receive 1 BETH. **Important to point out that Ethereum already burns ETH at the protocol level via EIP-1559, which permanently removes base fees from every transaction.** And BETH builds on this by giving the community a tokenized representation of burned ETH, turning an accounting mechanism into something concrete and transferable. **Why could this change things?** Because BETH turns proof of burn into: • Foundation for new DeFi use cases. • Potential tool for governance, incentive models, or financial products. What’s your take on BETH, guys? Source: [ ]( This post was written by **Everstake**, a responsible staking provider trusted by 735K+ users across 70+ blockchain networks.

This is a farce.

BETH is Binance ETH for staking

Idk about this one

BETH I hear you calling, but I can’t come home right now - me and the boys are betting, but we just can’t find the hold

This is a terrrible idea that undermines the purpose of burning eth.

Burning ETH and receiving BETH means you’ve effectively destroyed ETH but created a new token that might have value. If BETH trades on the open market, is the ETH truly “gone” in terms of economic impact, or have we just shifted value into another token? Burning ETH to mint BETH could be seen as a taxable event (disposal of ETH in exchange for a token), depending on jurisdiction. This might make adoption slower than expected.

What's the potential use cases?

not sure what all the use cases for this are. I heard something last year about a privacy technique where ETH could be burned and minted elsewhere to obfuscate the connection between accounts.

What the hell is this? Explain it like you’re explaining to someone who’s not even born yet.

How about proof of trashed-sandwich? I can print receipts that prove you threw your sandwich in the garbage. Now you can trade the receipts, collect them, put them on an stock exchange, who knows. For batshit insane business "ideas", nobody beats the crypto community. The guys at r/Buttcoin are going to love this if they find out about it. Also, this "Ethereum Community Foundation" name sounds like it's trying to fool people into sounding official, as if it is affiliated with the real Foundation. My guess is that the "burning" contract actually just takes the ETH, and that this is a scam. I can't imagine that it's legit because the idea makes no sense.

Someone swapping for bETH on a DEX thinking its Binance Staked ETH and getting burned ETH has a hilarious but a non-0 chance of happening

This has already happened. They even have a vetherasset repo on github.

New Podcast Alert: The Future of Compliant Privacy is Here! Tune into the latest Ecosystem Project Demo episode featuring Nathaniel Fried of 0xbow We discuss their groundbreaking work on Privacy Pools, a compliant privacy solution inspired by research co-authored by Vitalik Buterin. Learn how they're enabling private transactions without compromising user safety. Listen now: [

How do I get my Eth off my Parity wallet? It looks like the Parity UI wallet is dead but I still have my Parity phrase. Does anyone have advice on restoring it?

it's not "on" parity wallet, per se. You were just using parity wallet to access it. you can use that same file/json/key in another wallet like metamask, mycrypto, myetherwallet, and so on.

here you go

Try googling for the incident. There was a bug years ago that left the parity wallet smart contract with all funds frozen forever.

Daily General Discussion August 29, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

🍏SubstiDoots #1,217🍎 by The A Word! 🫡 Yesterday's Daily 28/08/2025 [Previous Daily Doots]( • u/InsuranceGuyQuestion is following [ETH treasury inflows]( 🔍 • u/eth2353 has a PSA for [citizens of the EU]( 📢 • u/nixorokish made a [thing]( 📊 • u/pulisordie is getting giddy over [GDP data]( 🤗 • The [Eternal]( 🦀rages on in the undercurrent but is forewarned, the great [Augury]( 🔮

I really enjoyed when ETH was above $4900. I am formally requesting more of that Edit: I swear that without fail, when I comment it foretells immediate Bart. Every time. Enacting self ban now.

The Doots Weekly ^Aug29 The [Trinity]( The [Haiku]( The [Choda]( The [Eternal]( The [Shit]( • [u/LogrisTheBard]( explains to us [how Ethereum is a revolutionary new engine.]( 🛣 • [u/rhythm_of_eth]( discusses [what the EU might do regarding stablecoins vs a CBDC]( 🏦 • [u/epic_trader]( thinks about [the chances of a certain blockchain being the most valuable in the long run.]( 👟 • [u/rhythm_of_eth]( explains [the nature of the DAO hack fix and what constitutes network downtime.]( 💾 • [u/aaqy]( explains [how Solana's transactions actually take longer than Ethereum's despite its shorter block times.]( ⏱️ • After 4 years, [u/superphiz]( finally gets around to finishing preparations for [the $5K POAP.]( 🎖 • [u/InsideTheSimulation]( gives us [the lore behind EVMavs NFTs getting verified on OpenSea.]( 🦁 • [u/epic_trader]( roughly outlines [the upcoming L1 scaling]( and [u/SeaMonkey82]( shares some [more technical resources outlining blockers to L1 scaling.]( 🙈 • [u/haurog]( has [an update for Gnosis card holders which he helped to create.]( 💳 • [u/InsuranceGuyQuestion]( explains [Ethereum's monetary policy]( 🤑 • u/whisperedstate sparks discussion over skepticism of [Googles L1]( 🕵‍♂️

no crying in the casino

Where is Tom Lee's quant

Bitcoin Rug Pull continuETH. same whale that moved a couple of $billion from btc to eth a few days ago is doing some more now. i can't be bothered to go back thru the history of it but seems he had $6B btc and is less than half way thru.

It's FRIDAY! That means it's the Doots Podcas **Watch live:** Discord: [ YouTube: [ Twitter/X: [ Twitch: [ *(also live, probably)* **Listen later:** Spotify: [ Apple Podcasts: [ Amazon Music: [ iHeart: [ Libsyn: [ Pods: [

The Ether Machine's ticker symbol was changed this week from DYNX to ETHM for trading on NASDAQ. They're now one of only two treasuries rocking "ETH" in their ticker, along with Ethzilla (ETHZ).

Refueling for the next leg up…

I was warning on August 14 that things got overheated and took some profit back then. I feel what we have seen since then was a very healthy consolidation. I'm glad we got it. It was necessary if we want to get to 14.5k$ where I think ETH will go by April 2026. I expect the market to turn around and flip bullish again at some point in September. Until then: patience. This is a break out of a 4 year range and will go much higher. Pretty sure about this.

September crashed already priced in

A little unsettling that every piece of crap coin has a DAT in progress now. Not good. You could argue they don’t affect ETH at all, but idk, any time we get a huge oversupply of things like this the market cools off and capital is spread too wide. It’s also just general bubbly vibes which could scare off OGs and whales, who apparently have near infinite amounts of ETH to sell to Lubin and Lee

It would seem that the CME shorters are using the current correction to close their bearish positions.

Jumping here with my 5 minutes of stable internet connection to say my piece on BETH, recently announced ETH burn experiment. A cousin of the wrapped ETH/WETH experiment. In summary, BETH is an ERC-20 issued when you intentionally and irreversibly burn ETH, and it's got me thinking. BETH, and all the DeFi sub-ecosystem it can create, can be a very interesting experiment... - Apps, DAOs and L2s could start requiring proof of burn as a Sybil resistant stake (i.e. governance tied to irreversible ETH burn) - Extending on that, BETH can become a speculative secondary market for governance rights, membership, reputation, and cultural status akin to many famous NFT collections... - Its meme potential could help start a coordination primitive of virtue signaling for L2s alignment with L1 while simultaneously contributing to ETH scarcity. A cultural norm that can go beyond just "holding" forever is virtually showing you've burned it forever/irreversibly. On the other hand though, I can see BETH being virtually inaccessible at scale, and only meaningful for big players, enhancing the ETH hoarding dynamics of DATs and thus reinforcing a plutocracy in Ethereum. The fact that it's a ERC-20 with transfer functionality makes me think this will end up pegged to ETH or even run at premium or below depending on Ethereum network sentiment as a whole. It's a very interesting experiment honestly. Many L2s could accept both BETH and ETH as a gas fee token even. And with account abstraction, could there be a world where some operations could be paid with BETH (paymasters in ERC-4337)? What are your thoughts?

Also a holiday weekend in the US. There is usually some silly price action during these weekends since liquidity is low and everyone is out partying.

>**Most sensible curve,** >**Supply dynamic deserve,** >**The issuance curve.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Check out the Doots from /r/ethereum! Links to all our socials: TODAY on the Doots: Mike Demarais joining us today from Let's learn about the many colors of the Rainbow Wallet! Please Like/Share/Subscribe/Comment! Buy us a Coffee? ☕ dailydoots.eth

Hello ladies and gentlemen, yesterday I was cycling, and I came to the conclusion that we live in a kind of Matrix, but unlike the movie, each of us lives in our own simulation and in it ETH will never reach our selling price; The people who achieve their goal are just Boots.

It's so over We are so back

Holiday selloff, a tale as old as crypto

Who poked it

Apologies, I got the Doots Podcast times wrong. It's 2pm Eastern which is 19:00 in London, 20:00 in Amsterdam and 06:00 in Wellington. I've fixed the original post but wanted to be clear.

Can't wait for Uptober.

is it the start of the September dump or should we stay strong ?

modest etf outflow for eth: -164.6 mil outflow for btc just under at -126.7 mil

4900 is not the top …

How with all the buy pressure in the world and supposed coins running dry on exchanges do we still do X multiples down in percentage than Bitcoin does???

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🌊 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 📈 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 📈 🐋 📈 📉 ⚡ 🌊 📈 🐋 🦀 🐋 📈 🌊 ⚡ 📉 📈 🐋 📈 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 📈 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🌊 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 **$1000------------$4319----$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *He is Inevitable.*

Check the farside btc and eth etf inflows, it is all positive. This downtrend was caused by whales and mainly outside market hours. Instituions are buying and all evidence points to that

ETH will be $10K by September 30

Give it to me George.

Today's us market open has been rough after 10 mins

At least ETH is positive for August and has outperformed BTC.

Are there any more EVMavericks in the treasury? We should give one to Tom Lee to sport as his PFP for a while.

Do you feel a September rate cut is fully priced in, or could it be what officially kicks us into high gear going beyond the ATH range? I feel like markets have gone back and forth, so curious if the actual action will still have impact.

*+++ LITANY OF RESOLVE +++* O Faithful of r/Ethereum, steel thy spirits! The false Crab-God thrashes in futile retaliation, claws scraping the holy chain, seeking to bind us in heretical despair. Stand firm, O holders of ETH- for patience is profit, and unity is strength. Together we endure, together we ascend. *01001000 01001111 01001100 01000100 00100000 01010011 01010100 01010010 01001111 01001110 01000111* *+++ END PRAYER +++*

All my friends are telling me to sell before September because it's a bad month for crypto, how true is this? No way we cant have a bullish September right? The past shouldn't affect the future

This consistent gradual ratio bleed since last Sunday has been a little unnerving... Looks like we are on our way to completely retrace the ratio gains from last Friday

not sure why we dumping, PCE came in as expected. I think this is manipulation, they were banking on bad PCE numbers

Nice little dip = nice little discount!

This dip is going to test the loyalty of new traders, buy the dip guys!

$4,300 is the bottom. We will hit $5,000 by Wednesday.

so i see we barely eeked out a win with the etfs yesterday. it's probably gonna be in the red today.

Just wondering where is the guy who was buying 0.1 ETH a day.. wanna see the green cucumbers he has collected on the last 4 months :-)

Good time to DCA

Has rotation to larger alts started in yall opinion?

Even more convinced that we are in the September correction, it started earlier because the halving moved up by a month from previous cycle.... grain of salt- we are bouncing here for 2-4 weeks before we see upside price action. This will also coincide with FOMC probable rate cut, and FED comments... economy is weakening.... only caveat, if we sweep to BTC $100k the whistle may have blown.....which I HIGHLY doubt

Let’s go baby!

So back to slowbleeding again vs BTC and USD sigh

Regardless of any news it dumps smh

so it's official, a complete retrace. can we hold here?

Curious, does anyone use your own scripts or programs to assist with setting orders? Nothing too complicated. For example, instead of setting an order at 4k, the app could create 10 orders slightly above and below 4k to automatically create a ladder. Or if a sell order hits, to automatically create a buy order a few percent lower. I'm surprised that I've been around these parts for so many years and I've never seen anyone discuss this kind of thing. I'm probably going to work on something like this at some point...

big ole dumpy... I ain't scared doe.

Certainly the long holiday illiquid weekend won’t bring us barts … still wondering where all this record breaking etf buying goes.

liqu lvls getting respectable, enough pain yet? covering my btc short here just above 108.5k

Now that we have come close to 4300 twice but have held it, it seems that this could be the bottom.

I’m thinking we at least retrace 100% of the jackson hole pump. Basically there already. Was very predictable. Maybe it’ll calm down after that

Highlights from the All Core Developers Execution (ACDE) Call #219

The link is invalid or just for me?

🎙 The ACDE #219 audio podcast is now available. 🧠 Ready for your weekly dose of Ethereum core development? 🎙 The ACDE #219 audio podcast is now available. 📈 Dive into the latest technical discussions and roadmap to Ethereum Upgrades. 📡 Tune in now to stay informed! 🎧 Listen here: [

Meet ERC-7955: No Private Key Required

What's your biggest Crypto struggle right now?

Smart contract risk is dissuading me from using more defi-style services. There's no effective insurance for smart contract risk.

The fact i swapped 2 eth for cro to make a quick buck and im now down .8

Every time we start to run up like this, the mainstream media will start covering this asset class, specifically, BTC and ETH. This inevitably means, we'll have people that are completely unfamiliar with the technology and the concepts of crypto, starting to ask us about it. What *is* BTC, ETH, and crypto? What *is* it, and what does it *mean?* How do you explain trustless-ness? How do you explain decentralized? How do you explain consensus? How do you explain digital scarcity? How do you explain the digital ledger and immutable? How to you sum up the 2008 financial crisis as the impetus for this all? How do you explain the current issues with the M1 and M2 supply? How do you explain the problems with quantitative easing and how it relates to inflation? How to explain who Satoshi and why he's remained anonymous? How do you explain a blockchain? How the hell do you ELI5 for people that don't know? How can you sum all this up, and leave someone with a knowledge that is useful and actionable? On top of all that, how do you explain to someone that any of this shit actually benefits them, or could benefit them, or could benefit society as a whole? *Why* are any of these concepts good? For example, why is trustless-ness good? You know? This is what I struggle with. How the hell do you explain all this to people in a way that is concise, but also reasonably understandable and convincing? What happens to me, is I just run into the technobabble barrier. The words I use just don't make sense to these people. How do I explain this shit to someone who doesn't even know what a ledger is, or how M1 and M2 work? How do you explain a new monetary system to someone who doesn't understand the current monetary system. This is my struggle. We need better crypto communicators in the world. Like, we need a Bill Nye or Carl Sagan of crypto. Someone to make it all make sense for people who are just joining us.

Not enough dinero. To buy. Tough times.

Struggling to get publicity to a project we are building the right way.

My biggest struggle is the fact that some of the best ecosystems are just not being used. All the money is going towards these dumbass meme coins, whereas blockchains with real utility that have the capability of completely changing the landscape of how we use the internet aren't being used

I don't understand how Solana works in the same way I understand how Ethereum works or Bitcoin works.

Every day, I check the price. Bad price

I’m a loser who only buys during a bull market 😭

So sad to see that all the things people are struggling with in the space are solely connected with speculations and money :(

I sold all my crypto to put down payments on 3 rental properties.

Not dumping my stack and paying off my house right fucking now.

When to sell....

My biggest crypto struggle? Explaining to my mom why I still ‘invest’ in magic internet coins that dump right after I buy. Honestly risk management is harder than the blockchain itself

Remembering where I put my ledger.

Buying alts too early and not just stacking ETH/BTC all bear market. I got luckily with some meme profits but that was it lol

Trying to explain to folks that owning the winning smart contract protocol (looks like ETH to me) is the FINAL destination for parking money safely, forever. Previously was treasuries. Folks mistakingly associate current volatility with risk but owning the HTTP of finance is the safest, most secure long term place for money on the planet.

I hold a lot of eth. But I think eth is vaporware. The problem is Im greedy and line goes up but it hasnt gone up as much as it can. So my problem is that it doesnt rally enough for me to be satisfied but I also dont believe the hype anymore. I want to sell all my 806 eth and buy voo. But Im hoping to break 6k which may not ever happen at all.

Daily General Discussion August 28, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,217** **Yesterday's Daily 27/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots]( - u/pa7x1 highlights [ETH's volume consistently surpassing BTC volume.]( 🐂 - u/haurog has [an update for Gnosis card holders which he helped to create.]( 💳 - u/danylostefan tracks [the L1 transaction throughput increase.]( 📈 - u/coinanon takes a stab at [Google's latest announcement.]( 🤡 - u/baggygravy found [some old dust which is now worth consolidating due to cheaper fees!]( 🍃 - u/HITMAN616 warns us of [Coinbase's absurd staking fee!.]( ⚠️ - u/haurog discusses [the Jumper Bridge and general tips on bridging safely.]( 🔐 - u/InsuranceGuyQuestion explains [Ethereum's monetary policy.]( 💸

For sure, crabbing at 4600 is much better than at 2400

> VanEck CEO: “ETH is very much what I call the Wall Street token” > “Wall Street CTOs will build on Ethereum” This is important because Van Eck has been shilling Solana and silent about Ethereum for a long time

$BMNR is on an absolute tear right now. 78.8k ETH bought today, on top of 190.5k earlier this week (Monday). The Strategic ETH Reserve chart looks insane and the pace of growth is unreal. Treasuries and ETFs now hold 9.27% of all ETH, up from just 7% two weeks ago. The buying pressure hasn’t slowed one bit and infact has accelerated.

Sold a bit to pay off my car. I'm fully convinced ETH is gonna go higher, but now I'm less emotional about the price action.

_"The Department published an official hash of its quarterly GDP data release for 2025—and, in some cases, the topline GDP number—to the following nine blockchains: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, TRON, Stellar, Avalanche, Arbitrum One, Polygon PoS, and Optimism. The data was also further disseminated through coordination with the oracles, Pyth and Chainlink. The exchanges, Coinbase, Gemini, and Kraken, helped facilitate the Department’s publishing. The Department will continue to innovate and broaden the scope of publishing future datasets like GDP to include the use of other blockchains, oracles, and exchanges."_ And from further down: _Ethereum smart contract address: 0x36ccdF11044f60F196e981970d592a7DE567ed7b_ Now THIS is the kind of news that gets me excited. This is an actual step in the direction of real mainstream DeFi adoption. I hope more government agencies and other sources of highly trusted / important data follow suit.

Just a reminder that both “Saylor bought a bunch, why isn’t BTC popping?” and “ETFs bought a bunch, why isn’t BTC popping?” went on for way longer than Bitcoin maxis expected before causing the spike in the price.

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 🦀 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000--------------$4597--$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *Groundhog day? More like Crab day.* *Seeing the same prices again and again, forever.*

When do you think are all these corporate L1 blockchains capitulating to become an Ethereum L2? Does anyone know the timeline of intranets vs. the internet in the 90s? I guess that would be a fair comparison.

It blows my mind to watch people like Anthony Pomp talk about Bitcoin as a productive, yield generating asset (through treasuries, etc.) without recognizing ETH as even a potential comparison I see ETH maxis talk about Bitcoin all the time; for BTC maxis, Ethereum is like their “Voldemort” lolol

ETH ETF inflows this month $3.8B.... someone knows something.....

>**Sailing the high sea,** >**Focus now on privacy,** >**Hide from piracy.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Finally breached 18M exchange reserves. Still showing strong signs of [accumulation]( For basically an entire year exchange reserves were flat or even trending up while the ratio was crashing. As of late July this year we are *sharply* trending down again.

$310M into the ETH ETFs today. How in the hell are we still only at $4500

hey hi. i made a [thing](

More ETH has been acquired. A good day.

I am wondering how long the entry queue is gonna be at the point where staking is allowed for ETFs. Entry queue 3 months or so? 😅

*+++ AUGURY OF THE CANDLESTICKS +++* **Accumulation before ascension.** The sacred breakout sigil forms, slow but inexorable. Soon, the light of ETH shall pierce the crab’s shell, and the faithful shall rejoice in liquidity unbound. *01000101 01010100 01001000 00100000 01000001 01010011 01000011 01000101 01001110 01000100 01010011* *+++ AUGURY COMPLETE +++*

For those of you in here that are from the EU, have you already contacted your MEPs in order to [fight Chat Control]( If not, please take your time to do so, a lot is at stake. The website will tell you exactly who to contact, how, and will even help you prepare an email! I just did so myself, not expecting much but I do believe we need to make some noise about this. As much noise as possible. The EU is losing economic competitiveness every passing day through its many layers of eurocracy, yet it seems the European Parliament has more than enough time to repeatedly try to invade its citizens' privacy...

Cool to see that the ETH treasuries combined already hold 2.75% of ETH's supply. I know many of them have stated their treasury's goal is to own 5% of the supply, but collectively they have a good shot at getting to 5% by year's end... More treasuries seem to be coming online every week. If ETH goes into price discovery mode, however, this would get harder to reach by then.

ETH fighting to hold 0.04. Would be great if it becomes support.

First, they ignore you Then they laugh at you Then Google builds an L1 Then Ethereum wins

are there any alternatives to beaconcha.in? I dont like the new layout

How is Google going to launch their own L1? Don't they need to launch their own token if they want a credibly neutral, permisionless chain? If they are going the permisionned route, with "trusted" validators, then why would anyone use this thing with any significant value? I don't understand the grift here. Why would you build out your own validation network with significant overhead, when you can get the exact same result (permissioned defi chain, custom execution) with an L2 without any of the overhead?

mildly drunk so buying a few eth here around4500

Just want to remind people where we're at. Wall Street and similar organisations are made up of people. They are going through the same stuff we all did when we first got into crypto. First you discover Bitcoin, you learn about it. Then you discover Ethereum and how so much more is possible. Then you get into shitcoins and eventually circle back. We've hit the stage where institutions have learnt about Bitcoin and added it to their long term plans. They are learning more about Eth and are buying and adopting it. We gonna smash the ATH sometime soon because of this. Then you add retail to the pile. We're going much higher. The time to worry IMHO is when these institutions get to the shitcoin phase, then time to probably sell and wait for them to circle back to BTC and Eth for the next cycle. Then we will truly see crazy prices.

So EthZilla says they are going to compete against BMNR for being the biggest ETH treasury. Bold statement. Bold claims require bold evidence. I'm not gonna hold my breath on this one but they are welcome to prove my doubt wrong.

Digital fraternity

So… when does everyone predict we have a large top event? Hearing a lot of October-December, but also seeing plenty of “this time is different” chatter, proposing 2026. Curious if we’ll overheat through the rest of the year or just kind of roll over at some point.

How can Tom Lee buy 2 million ETH without affecting the price (his own words). How is it even possible? Where do you get 2 million ETH OTC?

ETH might have to let all the $5000ish calls die worthless before we moon. So new ATH and dead crab by end of Sunday... 😜

He’s just standing there…menacingly!

A day begins and with it a renewed struggle for 4,600

Digital Les go!

So I'm kinda in a pickle. Got a pretty large ETH/BTC long with a liquidation price of 0.035. I'm gonna make it right? And if not, you will at least be entertained as you watch me lose money!

Please no surprises …

Green everything in markets and we’re down … I suppose it’s crab season again. Hopefully doesn’t break down too catastrophically and we stay in the range Edit: sorry, every time I comment it foretells goblin town. Down we go

So bmnr acquired $8B eth and marketcap is less than $8B ? How’s that possible

When we do reach $12k, what are you doing?

Sold 1 ETH at 3700 or so right before the run to 4900. I guess I cant complain? But, that was sold and used for expenses. Would be crying my way into the Bogdanooooof Emporium if that was one of my actual targets

Obviously someone has to sell here.

Cant say Im a fan of those spontaneous red candles

We are correlated to nvidia stock price so hard as if eth was still mined rather than staked...

Wait it's going the wrong way

All of us these days:

The bloody struggle for 4,500 rages on

The struggle for 4500 continues. Buy with courage!

We are decoupling from the nasdaq in a bad way

Damn my alts are holding up better than eth. Whats this?

How are we doing so (relatively speaking) so poorly today? Don’t really see the kind of headwinds that put us under 4.6 and barely holding 4.5k

Looking back at my old comments from the bear tehehe [ [ I may review all my comments and decipher my top tips for how not to wreck oneself in this market cycle :)

When does eth Denver announce dates for its conference? I want to plan around this and I understand it's usually second half of February. But historically speaking, when do they tell the public exact dates? Thank you

In 2024 and 2023 signups went out in November, I think the dates went out a week before then. It's usually the last week of Feb/first of March

Once they get the major sponsorship money from Solana, XRP, Avalanche, Cardano, and whatever other L1 that isn’t Ethereum

Mike Novogratz: Tokenized Finance to be Mainstream in 5 Years

Mike Novogratz is a clown

Idk I feel like it’s gonna come faster than that…

Trump Family Stablecoin Minted $205M: Who's Paying?

Russia, Saudi, etc. Any nation state that wants the US to act in their interests in a matter likely discussed on a golf course somewhere, with no record or witnesses. Direct channel to pay Trump for anything you want the US to do. US foreign policy for sale to one corrupt old fool who shits himself daily.

Maga idiots

Meanwhile, for six years, all I heard about Hunter Biden and his laptop. Oddly the day before Republicans main witness in fact, only witness was going to testify against Hunter Biden. He was arrested by the FBI. Why? Because he was basically a Russian spy. He then admitted he made up everything about the Biden‘s getting money from foreign entities illegally. He’s now serving a seven years sentence. I’ll never forget one of my friends claiming they heard the Biden‘s received 13 million illegally.. nobody bad and I when Jared Kushner receive $2 billion right after leaving the White House from MBS of Saudi Arabia. Trump comes into office immediately sells his DJ T stock that nets him $2.3 billion. Somehow, he received 40% of the Company stock right after he left the White House. That company has never had any earnings and in fact has had hardly any revenues. All of the Trump‘s make up their own coins. The Trump family gets deals with Qatar, Saudi Arabia and many other entities and countries. But nobody bats and I. I remember when Jimmy Carter had to give up his peanut farm just so there was no where he might make extra money. Republicans always claim they were for moral values and the rule of law. They’ve proven time and time again they are nothing but hypocrites

there’s enough crypto millionaires w/ orange lips on their knees before the ‘crypto president’

Holy fuck not me that’s for sure 👍

The rubes’ ruble

Gotta clean the funds from Ross Ulbricht somehow

How did I got attacked? 0xbc196e8208737587e73026e946f2d8072e61156c82b03fe67be256e3d1b13e0e I have around $140 worth of ETH drained, I didn't sign any malicious contract, and my wallet have no malicious token approval, yet ym eth was drained and I got sent some wlfi token. Just trying to figure out what happened Edit: prior to my eth being drained, I signed some unlock agreement with WLFI, official project by Eric Trump on the site and a couple hours, it was drained.

Last paragraph. There you go

You were trying to participate in a scam and got caught in another scam.

That people still trust the Trump family is beyond me. This isn’t even a political statement, they literally already did a crypto rug pull.

Doesn't your edit probably answer your question ? Why would you need to sign "unlock agreement" with another project ? How do you know its not malicious ?

When you interacted with a contract labeled “Advanced Crime Enjoyer”, were there any red flags…?

You dealt with scammers (Trumps) and got scammed.

Are you sure it was official ? A million percent sure?

Lolz! You got scammed by the taco-in-chief's son! Are you surprised ?

I'm guessing hackers praying on dumb trump supporters is very lucrative.

Go to your browser history and paste the exact link of the page you signed the WFLI contract on. Next steps: Make a new account, start over. Only buy eth. Don't buy WFLI ffs. And be thankful you didn't lose more

You (in general, not you specifically) were warned about this months ago. This post was not even close to the first saying stay away: It’s Trump. Use common sense.

[AMA] We are EF Protocol (Pt. 14: 29 August, 2025) **NOTICE: This AMA is now open! Have a question? Post below!** *Members of the Protocol Cluster at Ethereum Foundation (fmr. EF Research) are back to answer your questions throughout the day! This is their 14th* [*AMA*]( There are a lot of members taking part, so keep the questions coming, and enjoy!* Oh! And to make it easier for us to respond to everyone, *please* post just one question per comment. \--- Prior AMAs: [Click here to view the 13th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Feb 2025\] [Click here to view the 12th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Sep 2024\] [Click here to view the 11th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Jan 2024\] [Click here to view the 10th EF Research Team AMA]( \[July 2023\] [Click here to view the 9th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Jan 2023\] [Click here to view the 8th EF Research Team AMA]( \[July 2022\] [Click here to view the 7th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Jan 2022\] [Click here to view the 6th EF Research Team AMA]( \[June 2021\] [Click here to view the 5th EF Research Team AMA]( \[Nov 2020\] [Click here to view the 4th EF Research Team AMA]( \[July 2020\] [Click here to view the 3rd EF Research Team AMA]( \[Feb 2020\] [Click here to view the 2nd EF Research Team AMA]( \[July 2019\] [Click here to view the 1st EF Research Team AMA]( \[Jan 2019\]

*user Pintail asks:* How are researchers currently thinking about the process for reaching consensus on a suitable long term issuance curve? It is still true that under the current curve all rational ETH holders will eventually (be forced to) stake their ETH, but it feels like there is no longer a sense of urgency about this problem. How long do we have to take action on this?

*user Floris asks:* In Ethereum, we’ve separated block building from block proposing, and we now seem to be moving toward a similar separation between proof generation and proof verification. What is the research community’s view on whether this is the right direction? Can censorship resistance and neutrality still be guaranteed if only a small set of actors are responsible for building blocks and generating proofs? Even if the guarantees hold in theory, how can we ensure that the block builder and proof generation ecosystems grow large and resilient enough to serve as a reliable foundation for Ethereum?

I personally really liked Vitalik's recent exploratory proposal - [LMD GHOST with ~256 validators and a fast-following finality gadget]( It is so simple in comparison to many EIPs that have been discussed recently, yet very effective at the same time in simplifying and improving Ethereum's consensus layer. Is anyone in research currently exploring this idea further?

*user abcoathup asks:* Client diversity. Do we need another community campaign if specific clients are increasing above 33%?

*user abcoathup asks:* Ethereum Foundation [org chart]( fantastic to finally have this. Can we please get a text based version, ideally under version control so we can see changes over time?

Hi! I’d be interested to know your views on these new L1 popping up( Circle, Google etc) and what it means to Ethereum and the work you have planned for the next few years. Thank you

*user Ethereum Daily asks:* What are the blockers to wallets implementing EIP-7702 and how can we get more of them to take advantage of the UX unlock? Thanks!

*user abcoathup asks:* “Eth o’clock” (14:00 UTC): how can we reduce the reliance on synchronous calls and include more contributors working in Australia, New Zealand and South East Asia. (Recent job ad had Eth o’clock availability as a requirement)

From my understanding of native Rollups there will be 2 stages. 1. Re execute the Rollups via precompile 2. Verify a validity proof via precompile It makes sense that stage one requires full EVM equivalence but if stage 2 is verifying a proof can there be any vm verified? With that said could there also be snark and stark verifier precompiles?

*user Blocks\_and\_Chains asks:* Given Ethereum’s strategic adoption of a RISC-V-based execution layer to improve scalability and ZK proof efficiency, and considering existing RISC-V projects like Nervos, Polkadot, Cartesi, and RiscZero, will the Foundation pursue collaboration to leverage existing expertise and tooling, or focus on developing Ethereum-native RISC-V solutions independently?

Do we have a plan B if we messed up with any Hard Fork in the future? (Background: we are doing more frequent hard fork starting from this year and trillions dollar of asset is at risk in every hard fork. )

*user felipeargento asks:* Most blockchain RISC-V efforts use a minimal user-level ISA and omit the privileged ISA, which could be useful for many OS-like functions that the EVM performs. If Ethereum enshrines RISC-V, which ISA profile are you considering: user-level only, or a profile that includes the privileged spec such as the Machine or Supervisor ISA? Any intuitions on how to think about this design-space tradeoff? Thanks :)

*user mutiks asks:* How are Ethereum clients sustainable and what is their incentive to keep up with the network/upgrades? What is their source of revenue basically?

It's awesome to see all the exciting progress in zk proofs! Shoutout [ . A few questions about their future: 1. When do yo you think ethproofs will be ready for mainnet & is the main blocker cost, proving time or security? 2. Once zkproofs are ready for mainnet how will they fit in Ethereums client diversity framewrok? In other words do you expect each client to support the one proving scheme their dev team prefers or will proving schemes be another parameter that every validator has to choose from?

*user zoeyasu asks:* At present, the gas limit is determined by staker votes. But isn’t there a significant risk that a few large stakers could coordinate to raise it substantially, potentially leading to greater centralization and network instability? Wouldn’t it be more prudent to establish a clear upper bound to mitigate that risk? That said, it appears that most stakers simply adhere to the client defaults, which in practice places effective control in the hands of the developers. So what is the most appropriate governance model here — should gas limits ultimately be decided by staker voting or by developer intervention?

*user vdwijden asks:* Are you happy with your work? What are your biggest pain points?

*user Floris asks:* Justin, I heard you on the Zero Knowledge podcast proposing to practically cap the amount of staked eth at 50%. I can see the benefits that it brings but I can’t think of ways to mittigate the negative externalities that it can bring, like stake concentration with big parties and the possible out of protocol solutions are found to still stake more than that. What are solutions to this?

*user Siddharth Vaderaa asks:* Question related to scaling L1: Most zkEVM projects are already using GPUs for acceleration but have there been any discussions or work done around designing the EVM/ZKEVM to run natively as a [GPGPU]( workload?

*user yieldfarming asks:* Are you concerned about the recent developments around Ethereum DATs? Don't you think they represent the biggest risk this cycle?

*user Crystality Parallel EVM execution asks:* With EIP-7928 enabling parallel I/O scheduling, what’s the next step—stick with parallel I/O, or move toward broader parallel execution? Are there any upcoming EIPs I should keep an eye on?

*user abcoathup asks:* Upgrade headliner feedback: Forkcast ranking and directing formal feedback to a templated reply in Eth Magicians were fantastic, but Ameen Soleimani wasn’t aware of FOCIL until recently and Dan Robinson had concerns about ePBS. How can we engage more of the community earlier?

Do you think ethereum development can ever get to a point where simple apps can be vibecoded? Basically, it would require ethereum working with AI app building tools like Replit, Bolt, Lovable, etc. I would love to see ethereum development go mainstream just like app development is now.

I’ve been following the EthProofs calls but I don’t really understand what’s the “endgame” for real-time proving — is it faster confirmations or something else? Does having “ZK hardware” contribute to that or it’s relevant for something completely unrelated?

*user hanni\_abu asks:* What's the "Steel" team do?

*user Arvolear asks:* What is a major "no" for having a poseidon precompile available on L1?

*user lean\_ethereum asks:* Appreciate the transparency Justin quick question.. when can we expect the next update on the Lean Roadmap site? Last edit was July 25, ethereum community is eager to track progress in real time

The current iteration of EIP-7732 (ePBS) - which has been SFI'd in Glamsterdam - appears to incentivise builders to intentionally miss slots for a 5x-10x in tps? These issues (and others) were well aired before the decision to SFI was taken by client teams. On the face of it "scheduled for inclusion" should mean that we are all reasonably confident a proposal will be implemented. What should the community make of the current governance process for deciding which upgrades to implement in Ethereum?

What is the future of Portal Network? Is there going to be RnD on it? What is the general future of light clients and ultra light clients like RPi Pico MCU?

View in your timezone: [29 Aug at 1400 GMT][0] [0]:

*user 0xMims asks:* Has there been any research conducted into how low we can get the staking withdrawal window without forsaking security/permissionlessness? This matters as we make ETH more accessible through financial vehicles for institutional investors, DATs or ETFs.

*user abcoathup asks:* Upgrade frequency: is 6 monthly releases a target or an ideal? Will releases wait for a headliner feature or will features be de-scoped to fit a release schedule?

*user memeplex asks:* Hypothetically could future versions of Ethereum integrate forks live on mainnet with staged rollouts and utilize rollbacks when bugs are found? Wondering if this is possible with multiple concurrent proposers or a native rollup scheme which would harden uptime / mitigate client bugs with agile approach.

*user abcoathup asks:* Upgrade testing minimum timings: what is the minimum path to a mainnet release? 30 days from releases to mainnet upgrade. Bounty program. Upgrade of 2 public testnets.

*user abcoathup asks:* EF and client teams: does the EF need it’s own client teams or should Geth be spun out. Alternatively, should the EF have it’s own consensus layer client? Especially if researchers need to prototype features.

When do you think there will be a Stage 2 (as per L2beat) ZK rollup up and running?

What is the status on bringing universal composability to Ethereum? When can we expect to have transactions which are composable across different L2s?

*user Gourm.eth asks:* Smart Wallet, interoperability: Today it is pretty much impossible to imagine newcommer someone creating a smart account, wallet, and being able to use it on another dapp. Vitalik said that standards should appear in the industry for this. What is the state of affairs and research and development on smart account interpretability and pass keys?

Are “institutions” starting to understand that ETH is the ticker? Is there anything missing for a bigger investment by them? I think by now it’s so obvious that the roadmap is quite solid and it’s just a matter of execution (even though the tech is quite mature now imo)

*user Arvolear asks:* Are Verkle trees still considered a viable option or simpler Sparse/Cartesian Merkle trees a better way forward?

How far along is the development of the Kohaku wallet? I’ve not heard so much updates on this.

Any ideas on what to do with the current EVM once we replace it by a zkVM?

Hey friends, Dankrad described an optimistic timeline with a default gas limit that would gradually 100x in the next 4 years. Did we reach consensus? On track? Thanks 🙏🏻

I notice many people comparing newer chains to Ethereum and even making claims that these newer chains are more decentralized because “Ethereum only has a nakamoto coefficient of (2). I’m curious what someone knowledgeable on the protocol thinks this number actually is. I would assume they are using the default 1/3 POS threshold and counting LIDO as (1) entity but don’t think either of those are correct.

*user memeplex asks:* Why didn’t 6 second slots make it into Glamsterdam? How does EF compare demands of tradfi systems for sub-second finality and decentralization requiring ample time for distributed consensus?

*user memeplex asks:* What excites researchers the most about implementing an Ethereum zkVM?

*user abcoathup asks:* Upgrade headliners: Glamsterdam upgrade headliners were essentially pre-decided as ePBS had the most development. Researchers appeared to prefer EIP7782 6-second slots whilst client teams preferred EIP7732 ePBS. How can we improve this process for the H upgrade? Do researchers need their own developers to prototype features?

*user 5dayoldburrito asks:* Hi Vitalik, you mentioned on Bankless that you increasingly think that a strong L1 <-> L2 with centralised sequencer is the right approach. Could you elaborate on this and how you view based rollups in this light?

*user 0xFornax.eth asks:* In a world where we're aiming to scale gas limits to support peak usage (say 1 giga gas), are you considering a new way to find cheap but fair gas prices when the network is not at peak usage? Else gas would go to 1 wei except for brief moments like we have for blobs. Gas should be super cheap, but not free.

*user memeplex asks:* Private funding had a huge impact on the number of teams and pace of ZK R&D outside the EF. Are there other research and scaling roadblocks that could be accelerated by the free markets and Ethereum community?

What are the biggest systemic risks in moving Ethereum from the EVM to a RISC-V–based execution layer, and how are they being mitigated? What lessons from the Merge or Shanghai upgrades apply to a change of this scale?

I still remember the first one!

Google's L1 aims to provide python-based smart contracts. Can this be a thing in Ethereum?

*user cironoric (Ryan Berckmans) asks:* What are we doing about the observation that L1 MEV spikes seem to depress blob capacity usage kind of tension between L1 and L2?

*user cironoric (Ryan Berckmans) asks:* Given that blob capacity must grow well ahead of demand (lest we discourage serious customers from long term investment in rollups), what are your predictions for blob target as of glamsterdam?

*user GCdePaula asks:* Within the “lean Ethereum” roadmap, what role do you envision for app-specific rollups as we push toward \~1 Tgas/s capacity across L2s?

What is the outlook for unconditional privacy being integrated into Ethereum?

What’s the process for getting an ethereum grant? Why is it so hard to be approved for a grant?

How do you feel about the trade-off of block building centralization vs validation distribution? Right now requirements to run a node are almost the same as running proposing validator but with ZK this would become very asymmetric, providing a different form of decentralization for verifying. However, I feel like the compromise of heavy centralized provers can be a challenge for neutrality and liveness of the network compared to current egalitarian system for nodes and validators. Shouldn't we have a wider discussion before fully committing to this path?

Could you please provide directions on how to create a POC using Kurtosis? in preparation for the Fusaka audit contest. If you read Pectra's discord channel, this was a common pain point for several whitehats. A workshop would be neat

Hi Justin, great to see you here I wonder what’s your view on aggregating execution results, oracle attestations, and even TEE outputs into **one succinct proof per block/epoch** for secure light clients and trust-minimized bridges? Any design traps teams should avoid?

Among the evolutions of the protocol the EF Research team is working on, what could bring back ultrasoundness ?

What would the full fledged RISC-V EVM replacement look like? Would it have metering and gas? How do you do contract calls? Will the account model be changed? We still need to price memory the weird way to prevent attack, right? Would the problem of selfdestruct go away with the new ISA? Sorry so many question marks, but they are just helping to frame my true question: how different would the RISC-V be from EVM?

Justin Drake recently talked about **1 teragas/second** on L2s. How do **based rollups** (shared sequencing) and synchronous composability work in that scenario? I'm assuming that 1 teragas/second means that only very few entities can keep up with all L2s. So if I as a user pick two random L2s for a transaction involving synchronous calls between these two L2s, who will execute this transaction? Will it be an entity that has access to the state of both of these L2s? In this case, is this a centralization risk? Or will the transaction be executed by two cooperating entities that each hold the state of one of these L2s? In this case, will that not dramatically degrade the performance? In short, I can't really see how synchronous composability works across a teragas/second L2 ecosystem while keeping things decentralized. Is it time to move beyond synchronous composability and fully embrace async?

*user drewf.eth asks:* What's the pathway to anonymous state retrieval (fuzzed among random state queries via tor/mixnet, or even better with PIR) on mainnet? L2s?

*user drewf.eth asks:* How will attestations/FoCIL(ists) be broadcast privately (but on-time) if we shrink blocktimes? It's not hard to imagine gov't backed ISP nastygrams for endorsing legally unsavory txs/blocks, much like seeding copyrighted material on bittorrent? I'm unaware of anyone attesting via a mixnet today, and AFAIK it's unlikely they will support <2s broadcast times.

*user josojo asks:* There are perp exchanges on other L1s that are very successful. What needs to happen that we can build them as L2s?

*user sfb\_stufu asks:* Is the EF aiming to catalogue and align operational resilience best practices across the clients?

*user cryptoMADfish asks:* I'm curious about their strategies for optimizing L1 scaling and enhancing user experience.

*user pelenko asks:* i want to ask that they planned to publish a new transaction method on EVM called " Plasma " , it was a few years ago i guess 2023. Then it seems like EF cancelled that method. So someone should ask if the Plasma is still on the table or not.

*user FUSAKA\_ERC20 asks:* Excited for the AMA! With Fusaka slated for late 2025, can EF R&D share how PeerDAS will impact L2 scaling and blob limits? Also, any updates on integrating Verkle Trees for state efficiency? Looking forward to deep dives! 😄

*user trueblocks asks:* Why is indexing by address not part of the node software and, by extension, the required RPC. Why can’t I do perfect off-chain accounting??

*user PryvitKyle asks:* How is EF planning to make stablecoins easier to use and more private to improve the web2 dev experience while improving the web3 user experience?

*user OGNodeFather asks:* wen privacy for state for contract(s)?

*user Arvolear asks:* With current Ethereum scalability goals, can we get away without state pruning/rent?

*user Arvolear asks:* Considering faster future block times, are 1.1m validators a major latency blocker/issue?

*user Arvolear asks:* Why still no EVM parallelization in Geth?

*user sm-stack asks:* How's the stateless roadmap going and what's the ETA? Seems that Verkle is not much ZK-friendly, so are there any other options that are actively researched?

What do ya’ll think of Veiling as an approach to preserve liveness under fork-type disputes? Someone made a demo at ethglobal:

Could we have a precompile for validator observability? That way it would be easier to build something what involves staking.

Will there be a forced migration for quantum proofing the protocol or will I one day be able to get my coins back?

Native ETH transfers currently make up the bulk of transactions on the network. As stablecoins gain more adoption, I expect that ETH transfers to lose some of that dominance. Stablecoins currently are the main trading pair in DeFi, and also dominate in intermediary transactions such as routing, multi-hop, crosschain etc. To ensure the moneyness of ETH, how do we ensure that ETH transfers is the de-facto intermediary asset between swaps and not lose that dominance over stablecoins, especially crosschain? How do we ensure that ETH is the most utilitarian asset of its own network, and all network activity/assets is being pulled by the gravitational force of its native currency, like being sucked into a black hole? Enable native ETH smart contract support? Lower gas for ETH transfers or raise gas for ERC-20s? Slippage concerns before finality?

How do we protect crypto holder from coercion/physical attack/wrench attacks? （Background: any small group of people could take all of your crypto if they coerced you to do it with knife. That is not a problem for traditional finance because every bank account is KYC-ed and they can get the money back with the help from the police. Self-custody will not be widely adopted if their money could be easily robbed.)

Will there ever be an EIP-like process to recover or "free" lost coins from wallets due to seed phrase errors—without breaking finalization or immutability—such as through smart contract inclusion via validators (decentralized fix to a decentralized problem), specifically for cases with overwhelming evidence of ownership?

1. The narrative that “Ethereum never goes down” is gaining more and more traction in the community and has become a key pillar of ETH’s perceived value and belief system. What concrete measures are planned to preserve this property going forward? 2. In the last upgrade, some validator penalties were reduced, but the large slashing events caused by client bugs remain possible. IMO, it feels unfair to make validators pay a heavy price for bugs that live in client software; if this actually happens, it could be a devastating blow to long-time supporters. How do you view this issue, and are there any plans to improve the situation?

When will Ethereum expand? Support more transactions and lower gas fees

How to change username on Farcaster? Does anyone know how to change the username on Farcaster (the easy/user friendly way)? I've tried on my profile and also with an HTML code, but it wasn't successful, perhaps because they've made a lot of changes in the app and now some actions are no longer supported. I have no idea on how to do this. Help!

I think you require a ens account Go to profile/ edit profile/ username

Daily General Discussion August 27, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,218** **Yesterday's Daily 26/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots]( - u/InsideTheSimulation gives us [the lore behind EVMavs NFTs getting verified on OpenSea.]( 🦁 - u/Papazio covers [a banger of a Bankless episode.]( 🎙️ - u/the_swingman shares [some thoughts on the market action.]( 🧐 - u/epic_trader roughly outlines [the upcoming L1 scaling]( and u/SeaMonkey82 shares some [more technical resources outlining blockers to L1 scaling.]( 📈

ETH volume has started surpassing BTC volume in exchanges, while being 1/4th the market cap. Suffice to say this is highly unusual. Even ETHA has started having more volume than IBIT. BTC has literally no other use than its financialization wrapped in some TradFi product, and even there is being surpassed by ETH. There is only one metric left to flip, market cap.

If you are a validator on gnosis chain and use a gnosis pay card, you can now automatically refill your card directly with your staking rewards from the official gnosis consolidate website. Go to consolidate.gnosischain.com, connect your withdrawal address, click on the hamburger menu in the top right (the three lines) and configure the autoclaim registry. As far as I remember you have to sign 3 messages (register your gnosis pay address, approve the GNO and the autoclaim schedule). And from then on it claims your staking rewards, swaps them for EURe and transfers them to your gnosis pay card account. I think the transaction happens around midnight CEST (UTC+2). A large part of this is actually my code. I wrote this feature a bit more than 1.5 years ago mostly for fun ( The gnosis people liked it very much and asked me about it at Devcon last year. In January they audited my code and found some places which needed improvement if they want to roll it out for all their users. The most critical part was my implementation of a 'poor mans sandwich protection'. I wrote about it in my description as well ( The official implementation now uses chainlink oracles to prevent sandwiching and added a few proxy layers to make it easier to handle many users. Nice to see that my code has been deployed on chain by gnosis.

The first ever day with more than 1.5 million txn on Ethereum was seen April 20, 2021 (don’t ever change crypto). Then again for few days in late April and on and off through May 2021 The 1.5M threshold (arbitrary and useless except for this post) was only crossed five more times prior to 2025: October 28, 2021 July 26, 2022 December 9, 2022 September 13, 2023 January 14, 2024 (ATH txn count 1.9 million) In 2025 we’ve had a couple days in May and June. But starting this past July 28th we are now in the 30th day of greater than 1.5 million transactions a day every day. This began about 8 days after avg gas limit increased to 44million. So many metrics other than price my guy. Related linky

Google is launching an L1 and claims it will be “credibly neutral”. That sounds like a headline from The Onion. How could a chain controlled by one company be credibly neutral?

Had to pay a huge vet bill yesterday which was painful (but extremely worthwhile as doggo is fixed), then unrelatedly was messing around and just "found" $650 that has eased the pain of the bill slightly by trawling through Zerion and having a hot wallet tidy up: \- $200 in staked Aave that's been there a few years but was never worth the gas fees to withdraw - now gas is nothing and the stkAave is worth double what it used to be (just got to remember to withdraw in the stingy 2 day window); \- 0.08 ETH rewards in EtherFi that I had started the withdrawal for but apparently never fully claimed, $380 thank you; \- 0.01 WETH that's been on Polygon since who knows when, looks like dust but hey it's $45 now and I had some POL dust to bridge it with \- a few farmed dust tokens of about $10 worth each like PENDLE, FARM, etc that cost next to nothing to swap. The benefits of scaling! Also made me wonder if there is technically a possibility of a dust aggregator that would scrape all your non-malicious wallet junk and convert it to ETH for like a 50% fee or something when gas is under 0.5 gwei, but I suppose there's no liquidity for most of it and it would be pretty complex.

Heads up: the 14th EF AMA goes live Friday. Questions are welcomed ahead of time :)

ETH ETF inflow: +$307.20 Mil BTC ETF inflow: +$81.40 Mil

It wants to fly, any strength at all shown by BTC and the price will be making googly eyes at 10k.

I know it doesnt feel this way sometimes but the slow road up is the best road. If it goes parabolic then the party would be over in a few weeks.

Wow, over a million ETH in the exit queue now and 600k in the entry queue... we will not have short queues for a looong time from now I think. All the treasury ETH that's still coming to be staked will clog that up for months.

I might be the only one who didn’t know this but I had some of my ETH staking on Coinbase. I think it was originally a 25% fee but I figured eh I’m going to sell some this cycle anyway to move into stocks so I might as well just leave it there for tax transparency and to avoid issues with my account possibly getting locked (if all of a sudden I’m moving ETH off-chain into CB, selling, and trying to transfer out) etc. etc. ANYWAY their current fee is **35%** which is just disgusting. Sooo I’m now unstaking and transferring most back to ETH L1 + L2s. But of course it’s stuck in the exit waiting queue for basically a month. Don’t be like me and use Coinbase staking. Just use rETH or wsteth or run your own validator (if you’re super cool).

Interesting Fact. BTC MCap: $2205 Billions ETH MCap: $555 Billions ETH is 25% of BTC Mcap. Total BTC ETF Inflows: $54 Billions Total ETH ETF Inflows: $13.34 Billions ETH Inflows are 24.7% of BTC Inflows. And the ETH ETFs are just getting started. All the talk that the BTC ETFs are so much more successfull, and ETH is small potatoes are BS. Adjusted for MCap atm the ETFs are equaly successful. P.S. I didn't include solana because ROFL

Wrote up [this piece]( about some exciting upgrades we've been cooking for Basenames. If you're interested in how ens becomes a cross chain identity solution, this article should help you understand!

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 🦀 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000--------------$4596--$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *Barnacles! Another attack?*

the anticipation is killing me.... even though I've been HODLING since 2016.... funny how fickle the brain can be

>**Etherscan bestow,** >**Leveraging underflow,** >**Climbing tomorrow.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Crazy staking queue action. Nice consolidations over past ~24 hours.

is there are free version of the ETH MVRV Z‑Score Chart out there? Both Santiment and Coinglass have these charts paywalled.

Pretty hilarious that nvda dumped after beating earnings

all eyes on NVDA

Serious question - how soon from now before sites like reddit and others are flooded with AI bots that are near indistinguishable from humans and where you will soon drown in frustration from wondering whether there is any point engaging with someone who may or may not be human. Is this dystopia really that far off or would it have the positive of driving people back to good old physical conversations?

Ratio TA: ETH/BTC has been in an ascending channel on the 4 hour and daily charts for about one month. It is currently at the bottom on the channel, but if it continues in this channel, it will reach between .05 and .06 by September 8th.

Ohhh... I love the new beaconchain dashboard layout!

The struggle for $4,600 continues

How safe is jumper.exchange? Trying to move some tokens from zkSync to Gnosis and thinking about using it...

Every crypto influencer is calling for a sept dump. Lets ensure it doesnt happen

4583 It's going up again. Target still valid at 5100-5400 for now.

Worried I chipped my tooth. Anyway, what does this mean? Bullish Dentacoin.

going back on that crab-cakes bullshit? It's ranging. It ranges. OTC whales crashing the market as much as they can to keep the price within the acquisition target for Tom Lee and Frenz. 1000s still waiting to sell at last cycle's ATH. Just chill and wait for Uptober.

what is this AH sell-off :(

ahhh the BART....

I wonder if current weakness has something to do with the anxiety over Nvidia earnings.

Its breaking out Edit: but don't get too excited

Digital GDP

I went to Tim Horton's today and breakfast sandwiches are now $5. I ordered two with a coffee and it was over $14! I had a coupon which brought it down to $11. I still see prices for many things go up. You can still get discounts occasionally, for example at Costco, etc. But the overall trend is clear - the dollar is losing value.

This has literally just been price fixing for DATS since the middle of last year. Smart money needed to get in quietly and quickly, so they manipulated the hell out of price and let SOL take the front-page news. While ETH had near-unanimous bearish headlines. If anything, this shows us just how desperate institutions are to 1) Accumulate Ether and 2) Make sure we are flying blind about Ether still very much being "King of the Alts" and so much more. They know it will be at the very foundation of the next financial system, so of course they only want regular folks to FOMO in once media consensus finally locks in (probably some time in Q4, but it's already begun).

Big question is: why are we flat? Who is selling into all this buy pressure??

A day ends, a struggle for 4,600 begins anew

This is ridiculous

Is it fair to assume that ETH will forever have fees averaging single digit gwei and hence a perpetual small additive tail emission of around 0.7ish %? With L2s, this is kind of the desired state, right? Burn may have felt great for holders but it attracted a lot of derision and hate narrative from wider crypto crowd.

The exit queue waiting time is nearly 18 days. Is there any estimate how it is gonna evolve in the next few weeks?

Who keeps dumping at 4650

Not loving the lower high and lower low action. The struggle for 4,650 is a bloody one. Im sure it will blast off after the Nvidia call tonight

Prediction out of the max pain theory: SOL that started to rise strongly today will continue fast and high (thanks to the (scam) DATs coming and the ETFs expectations). BTC is also slightly green today (this is due after its long consolidation) and will rise fast and high. ETH is overheated and will barely move, looking left behind. This temporary period of the global race is not indicative of the end result but will cause pain and doubts like between January and April.

Depin Can we talk eth based DePins? Theres helium mobile which runs on solana. Y’all think there will ever be a time where the same runs on ethereum? Is that something anyone is working on currently? I know it may be a niche market but if solana can do it, imagine what it could be on ethereum.

Well Helium started out on Ethereum. I guess its other network still is? But hey Ethereum is for the most serious stuff. It is the replacement to final global financial settlement layer (at the very least) akin to a central bank ledger. That’s its main function. The bottom most secure layer of settlement. Solana will take things that are less serious that don’t need 100% up time like maybe Helium mobile. Although that is pretty important too but I think 99% up time/reliability is sufficient for stuff like that. But yea I think eventually Ethereum layer 2’s will accrue similar functionalities as Helium, let’s say. Whatever Solana can do an Eth layer 2 can do with the added benefit of being able to settle to the most secure layer 1. So it’ll be a marketplace. And of course they’ll be able to interoperable and be more fluid than they are now too (Solana and Rth layer 2’s that is). But also, eventually Solana will likely require layer 2’s. They think they can do it all on layer 1 and that’s just a pipe dream. Humanity and our digital presence, especially in a network sense, grows exponentially.

FOAM or whatever it’s called these days is what I hoped would be a big physical infrastructure project for ethereum. It kind of feels like they’re just interested in prototyping forever though. I’m looking for a combination of ethereum and meshtastic-type decentralized grid.

A Proposed Model for a True Utility Token: Fixing the Broken Creator Gig Economy Hey r/ethereum, ​I've been designing a system to solve a problem that affects a huge part of the creative world: the current gig economy for creators is slow, expensive, and built on trust in powerful middlemen. Brands struggle to manage large-scale influencer campaigns, and individual creators often wait months to get paid, losing a significant cut along the way. ​I initially posted this on the more niche, developer-focused r/ethdev to get some deep technical feedback. To get a much broader perspective on the real-world challenges, I'm bringing the conversation here. ​The Proposed Solution (A Two-Part System): ​1. The Engine: A Decentralized Bounty Board An on-chain marketplace where anyone can post a creative gig (a paid review, a logo design, a video edit, etc.) for a global pool of talent. ​2. The Fuel: The $RESONANCE Utility Token This is the core of the model, designed to make the engine trustless. The token is not for speculation; it's a necessary mechanical component with three specific jobs: ​Trustless Escrow: Brands fund bounties with the token, and a smart contract holds it, guaranteeing automatic and instant payment to the creator upon completion. ​Community Governance: The token is used to vote on the platform's rules and treasury, making it a community-owned utility, not a for-profit corporation. ​Staking for Reputation: Users (both brands and creators) can stake the token to establish a reputation score, which acts as a security deposit to prevent spam and signal commitment. ​The Key Insight: The bounty board is just another freelance site without the token providing trustless escrow. The token is a useless asset without the bounty board giving it a constant, tangible job to do. This symbiotic relationship is designed to create a self-sustaining economic loop where the token's value is directly tied to the platform's usage, not market hype. ​I'm looking for feedback on the biggest non-technical hurdles to adoption. What are the major user experience (UX) challenges, marketing pitfalls, or community-building problems a project like this would face in the real world?

I'll bite, the proposed strategy seems fundamentally flawed. To have any chance of competing with established giants like Upwork, a new platform needs to offer a radically better and simpler user experience. The decision to force a proprietary utility token into the system is completely at odds with that. This isn't 2017, the market has learned that forcing users to buy and transact in a volatile asset creates a user-hostile experience full of friction and unnecessary risk. You're already facing a near impossible cold start problem. By adding this layer of token complexity, you're effectively guaranteeing that the mainstream brands and creators you need will never even try the platform. At a bare minimum, you would need to operate with a stablecoin to provide the predictability professionals require. But even that is a tough sell. Forcing a freelance designer or a marketing manager to deal with wallets, DEXs, and self-custody is a massive UX hurdle when their alternative is simply using a credit card. In short, you're trying to win a user experience game while starting with a massive, self inflicted UX disadvantage.

What happens when a payment is put into escrow and the worker does nothing? Can the payer take it back? Can the payer burn it? Can the worker create a ransom contract which gives them back half if they release the payment? No one wants to be paid in RES if the job takes a week and it goes down 10x. Token sounds pointless and likely with low MC ends up as a backdoor. Look at possible solutions from the perspective where you don't want to force in a shitcoin. Can you use eth and stables and add a fee instead?

Is it worth investing in mining now or is ETH staking safer? I've been reading mixed opinions: some say that by 2025 mining is basically dead and that staking Ethereum is the only thing that makes sense long term. Others argue there's still profit if you choose good hardware and cheap energy. Personally, I've tried staking, but I also started looking into mining solutions that promise to be more plug-and-play, like HashMole, where you don't really have to deal with the technical side. How do you see the balance between staking and mining over the next 2-3 years?

Eth only uses staking now. You can no longer mine ETH.

You have a better chance of mining a diamond than an eth

Eth has not been minable since The Merge in Sept of 2022.

It’s free eth. If you’re long term there’s no downside. Liquid stake it and go about your day

You were probably reading about Bitcoin mining. Their sub's a bit "she's a witch" scene from Holy Grail, but give it a try. ...or is it more Hand Granade of.... hmm

Exchanging Monero to ETH Hi folks, as the title says, I am looking for a way to swap my Monero to Ethereum, i need an exchange that wont freeze my orders like Changelly/Changenow does, since my size is worth approx 14 ETH. I am also closed at the idea to use a centralized option or exchange due to their delisting/withdrawal or hold risks on Monero and I don't neither like so much the idea of P2P; its an headache all the time and it has big slippage. Any suggestion? Thanks to you!

Wasn’t this asked yesterday?

Curious to know what p2p solution you tried that were such a headache, could you elaborate?

If you don't like P2P, you might want to check SimpleSwap. I swapped XMR - ETH there twice and it was smooth, no KYC, just a bit slower sometimes.

not sure what their policies are regarding time delays for bigger orders or freezing. but there's also sideshift.ai

First of all what wallet are you using?

Android widget for BTC/ETH pair, does it even exist? I've just installed and uninstalled 5 apps from the playstore, it's a drag. I've been trying to find a way to display the ETH/BTC pair on my home screen and all the apps seem to just offer EUR or USD pairing for any cryptocurrency. I'm still thinking it shouldn't be that hard. Or is it? Why arent there any big name apps that offer this, do people just want the USD price on their home screen? So, I'd really appreciate it if you can point me in the right direction of how I can do this, preferably an app of course!

Simple Crypto Widget can do that easily. Can display any crypto price in any other crypto or fiat, with several hundred coins and currencies to choose from for the base. RPL/ETH, etc. Also offers several dozen price sources, CEXs and aggregators, to choose from individually for each pair.

CryptoCharts Widget is what you are looking for

Coinmarketcap can do it. First, you set up a watch list of coins, and then you can choose what the denomination should be, which includes BTC.

Digital currency widget by the Mad Geniuses. You can select the exchange from which you want to pull the data and the trading pair. Eth/btc is also possible.

I have this in my Trading View widget on my Android smartphone.

Most price widgets default to fiat pairs since that’s what the majority track, which is why you don’t see ETH/BTC front and center. A couple of workarounds exist though, apps like TradingView and CoinGecko both let you add custom widgets or shortcuts where you can set the ETH/BTC pair instead of USD. It’s not as common as fiat widgets, but it does work once you dig into the settings. If you want something super clean, TradingView’s widget is probably your best bet.

Investing.com app can do it. Create a watchlist and add the pairs there.

I've been using Bitcoin Ticker Widget for years. I keep BTC/USD, ETH/USD, and ETH/BTC on my home screen, each in a 1x1 widget with 24 hour high/low and time last updated, which is usually every 30 minutes unless I lose service. Works great for me.

Most apps really focus on USD or EUR, but I found that Binance's widget lets you customize pairs, including ETH/BTC

I thought Androids were ahead iPhones.

Ethereum Websites will Redefine Internet Security When you visit a website there's an unspoken agreement that the publisher establishes with you: *I’ll show you the right content — but I can change it whenever I want.* Ethereum websites fixes this...

How the SBI Chainlink Partnership Could Reshape Tokenized Assets

This partnership could bridge traditional finance and DeFi in a huge way.

The winning bridge that will disrupt traditional finance

SharpLink Gaming Increases Ethereum Holdings to Nearly 800,000 ETH bruh, 800k

Gotta get those numbers up! Those are rookie numbers!

#Rookies, BMNR has nearly 2m

Bitmine holds more

Big co-founder energy

Daily General Discussion August 26, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,217** **Yesterday's Daily 25/08/2025** [Previous Daily Doots]( - u/rhythm_of_eth tracks [Ethereum L1's continued growth and upcoming blob fee change]( while u/SeaMonkey82 summarises [the upcoming change to blob fees.]( 📈 - u/aaqy explains [how Solana's transactions actually take longer than Ethereum's despite its shorter block times.]( 🧠 - u/Numerous_Ruin_4947 looks back at [the last time we were trying to blast through an all-time high.]( 🧐 - After 4 years, u/superphiz finally gets around to finishing preparations for [the $5K POAP.]( 🖼️

In case anyone missed it, EVMs finally got verified on OpenSea. All it took was IcoBeast getting tattooed on some guy’s ass. Years of effort trying to submit in a way they’d approve. Multiple DAO votes, multisig transfers, trust placed in single members to complete the submission process and transfer back — only to get stonewalled by OpenSea at the end. And they go and do it because of an ass tattoo. Unmatched lore. 😂

$444M ETH ETF inflows. Noice. $219M for grand pappy

Gm. Tuesdays are statistically proven to be the best day of the working week. The wind has dropped after last night's storms and the sun is shining. The crows are watching me hoping for a second breakfast. It feels like a good day to be alive.

A summary of the multi billion dollar BTC to ETH whale rotation: snippet: "They have now sold a total of 22.142 BTC, currently valued at $2.48 billion. And have bought a total of 544,977.69 ETH currently valued at 2.45$ billion."

The ratio is recovering nicely.

Man, all the concernooors from yesterday are mighty quiet today! I guess we're not going below $4k after all. RIP

I'm sure the DATs are grateful to the retail concernoors to give them all that ETH at discounted prices. ETH has no supply reflexivity. Even gold responds to higher prices by setting up more mines but once ETH is in shortage the only way to get more is to convince an existing holder to give it to you. All those retail that got shook out are going to be salty af by the time these DATs are done deploying another $20B in capital. Most hated rally ever. ETH DGAF.

ETH ETF Inflow: +$455 Mil BTC ETF Inflow: +$88.1 Mil Another great day of inflows!

I think the time has come for the flippenning 🐬. Bitcoin has reached the pinnacle. The highest it can accomplish by spreading the propaganda - "21 million'", "fixed supply", "digital gold" (whatever that means). ETFs are already here. Governments are already onboard. There is nothing else to achieve. Meanwhile for Ethereum, the possibilities are endless. And, we are just starting to onboard the global financial system. Ethereum has been hard-carrying the blockchain/crypto industry for quite sometime. And this should now reflect in the market cap too !

Tom Lee is my hero

[Dynamix Announces New Ticker Symbol “ETHM” to Reflect Planned Business Combination with The Ether Machine]( ETHM - that's better than all these bitcoin sounding tickers lol

Seeing that Metamask is rolling out social logins, like login with Google or Facebook. This should make it easier for people to set up wallets as they won't have to deal with key phrases, but it seems like a set up for disaster considering how many people have had their centralized services hacked. Anyone familiar with the technical implementation want to chime in?

This ain't over gents and ladies

The lion goes back on as my profile pic until ETH $10k … and probably to $20k+ tbh

If i still had any feelings this would be a rollercoaster of emotions this last week.

I’m not F****** leaving!!!!

I know that Bankless episode quality has been nearly as volatile as ETH price recently, but another banger episode was released yesterday with Eric Peters (CIO Of Coinbase Asset Management). Very much worth a full listen but the TLDL is that tradfi flows have only just started and you don’t own enough ETH. We kinda knew that anyway but it is nice to have a reminder from a crypto native tradfi insider. Edit: Some colour for the TLDL: he specifically says that although tradfi hedge fund and investment edge focused institutions are moving into crypto, their size is not yet huge. Whereas the mass of pension funds, insurance firms etc (i.e., larger & longer term capital) haven’t even scratched the surface yet but it will slowly increase over 5 or more years.

For some reason ETH just feels right above 4500

Does anyone have a contact at Etherscan that works on the product? I found an annoying, but significant, bug in their Blockscan L2 product and, though I have filled out the "contact us" form, would be nice to know someone actually saw it.

My global computer is decentralized and it knows no bounds

Digital wealth

Was wondering, what is the current status on potential gas limit increases ? Are we waiting for a new upgrade ?

I'm so excited for $5500 in a couple of weeks

4500 and the bull run is back on 😎

Good morning fellow degenerate gamblers… and avant-garde technologists

>**Protecting their gold,** >**Alluring Ether behold,** >**Dragons in the cold.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

That's a pretty nice candle

now don't go playing with my heart

Next time my options go up over 100% in a day I need to sell. I have been making money but I would make more if I wasn't so diamond handed and greedy.

Watching these 10% pullbacks bounce back and eventually edge higher has been something to behold. Absolute whale games being played right now, lots of longs pile up and then exchanges like Binance are supposedly dumping to wipe out the leverage, ETH treasuries and ETFs are buying up the dips - probably whats keeping the pullbacks at 10% and not 30%, for now. Also pretty wild to see the emotional responses to the last couple months of market action, especially on X. Euphoria to despair and vice versa within a daily candle. Tbh, i've been ramping up my gym days a bit, helps keep me grounded lol. Im also seeing a lot of caution being talked about for September. Typically not a great month for markets. [From 2015 to 2024, ETH has had 6 red Septembers and 4 green]( My spidey senses are telling me we'll have a green Sept. in 2025 .. just a hunch. Besides seeing ETH above 4k which has been a joy everyday it is, i'm a bigger fan of watching ETH climb the ETH/BTC ratio and real euphoria for me will kick in when ETH reclaims .055. There is still so much PTSD in the rhetoric I read here and on X. I think a lot of that will fade with a stronger ETH/BTC ratio and stronger ETH overall dominance. 2025 is shaping up to be one of those years that will stick out in the years to come.

I could go for a late night rally

My sell target? I don't have one. Yes, I'll sell some when I need to, but my objective isn't to accumulate USD, my objective is to accumulate Ether. It might sound crazy, and I'm not suggesting you do the same, but I think it will make obvious sense one day.

Digital risc-v

this ain't gentlemen, but every day above $4k is a W

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** **BULL RETREAT EDITION** 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📉 🐋 🦀 🐋 📉 ⚡ 🐂 ⚡ 📈 🐋 📈 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 📉 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 **$1000-------------$4397---$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *In retrospect, it was inevitable.*

ETF #'s were impressive. Eth: +$443 mil Btc: +$219 mil Wallstreet was buying it up 🔥

For at least one week in a row, trading volume for ETH has been much higher than for BTC. This is remarkable—and it is also a sign that ETH will take over in the future.

Anyone have a favorite hardware wallet they would suggest? Hoping for something relatively easy to use but also up my security a bit.

Thinking we will get a good bounce back today

Can somebody page the buyoors? Prices are low low low. V. good deal!

I feel like this lull is a good time to share the Wolf of Wall Street meme of the restaurant scene - you know the one! It’s always a fun watch and for any relatively new folks who haven’t seen it they can both smile and learn a valuable lesson with it. My internet skills have failed to find it, could someone please help out?

Here comes the roller coaster! Wheee!

Gracias hermano's Edit: karma

Good to see a bit of eth recovery thanks to the Taylor Swift engagement news 🥰

I think if we go above 4575, there will be a fresh upswing. 5100-5400 is still possible and also the target. All in all, the price is more than good, even if it's obviously painful to be $400 below the ATH.

This is a killer use case for NFTs but people haven’t understood that yet. I wrote about this 5+ years ago and was laughed at and downvoted to oblivion by the same people who complain about this. [

We’ve been edged for years!!!

Does anyone have any insight into what the Aave DAO's last Merit Reward cycle is having delays in claiming rewards?

The sun has arisen once again on the peninsula, brightening a world where ETH still sells for over 4,000 greenbacks per coin

lets go asia!!!!

I hope nvidia earnings look good tomorrow

You got to roll me baby And call me the tumblin priiii-iiice

Will anyone attend KBW this September? It is the biggest crypto event in Asia.

Not sure I have ever been a regular user of a piece of software as poorly managed as Metamask. They regularly tinker with the UX and regularly make it worse. It’s become more and more of a pain in the ass to connect different addresses. Their portfolio stuff is a joke. Rabby is clearly better but disappointing they are not supporting 7702.

Bring on the V shaped recovery! (or U or W or maybe even J shaped 😎)

Let’s.go.baby!

Time to blast off when the boomer bucks start rolling in at 1630 (gmt+3)

4500 lasted a solid few minutes

Btc dumping to hold eth back

What do u guys think about “trading gurus” and their tech analysis on crypto?

Asia dumping on us

4600 was nice for an hour

Wallet sending tokens Why is my trezor wallet listing transactions that I did not initiate? I am getting transactions listed in my eth address on trezor suite that are not my addresses when I check them on blockchain explorer? I have little funds in this wallet and they have not been touched, but this seems different than what I have read about address poisoning since I am ‘sending’ the tokens, not receiving them. Any insight would be appreciated

Check out this thread and the responses, same idea: r/ethereum/comments/1lmj2d6/is_this_new_sophisticated_scam_beware/ In short, ERC-20 tokens aren't actually "in your wallet," they are tracked in a smart contract and the developer defines the code/logic however they want, including being able to make it look like sends are happening from your address when they really aren't.

Justin Drake on ZK Podcast — digging into what Ethproofs actually is We asked Justin a simple question: *what is Ethproofs?* Meme, benchmarking infra, working group, or early-stage subculture (Flashbots vibes)? Some takeaways from the discussion: * Managed inside EF by a new zkEVM working group, but intentionally porous (calls, TG, site). * Purpose: align zkVM innovation toward real-time proving on Ethereum. * Past perf battles were “marketing benchmarks” on cherry-picked hardware → Ethproofs sets rules, reduces noise. * zkVM teams are trending toward RISC-V ISA + GPU acceleration. * EF is shaping benchmark categories; long-term path points to enshrined zkVM(s) at L1. * Future scope may include privacy + client-side proving metrics. * Hardware angle: speculation on Nvidia building zk-specific GPUs (“ZPUs”). * EF posted a $1M bounty for proof of the correlated agreement conjecture. * Current tally: 32 zkVM projects in scope. Episode link: [

Is Tornado Cash the best mixer? Is it still operational? I want to exercise my right to privacy but am unsure which mixer to use.

I use RailGun protocol with the RailWay wallet, works pretty good.

IMO This is legitimately supported by Vitalik, so it's legit. But it uses some tech to filter out funds tied to crime

I think every eth that comes out of tornado is been marked.

Ethereum Ranks 1st in Kaiko'd Blockchain Ecosystem Ranking Other chains clearly got a pass on their gov / operational efficiency and security scores...

Funny how Ethereum always has the best technology only after it’s pumped for a few months.

Bitcoin isn't on the list?!? I mean, it's not a smart contract block chain, but still. Also, it's very unclear what metric covers transaction speed.

Ethereum's Biggest Problem Isn't Tech – It's Storytelling Heyo, Chris here – I'm Head of Design at Octant. Epoch 9 is about to go live, and this one matters. Ethereum's tech is undoubtedly brilliant, but let's be real… try explaining it to your mum, someone at the pub, or anyone who thinks Web3 is "just gambling," and you'll lose them (and your personal credibility) in ten seconds. The few creators who make Ethereum make sense are out there – but they're running on fumes while "gm gm" noise cheapens (or outright buries) their efforts. So, we're teaming up with the Ethereum Foundation to fund storytellers who can pass the "explain it to your mum" test. Memes, docs, deep dives – whatever gets the normies to get Ethereum. If you've made content that resonated, pitch your next thing – we want to fund it! Apps close Aug 27. Details: [ Tag great creators. Share the stuff that clicked. Or tell me why we're wrong. Let's iterate on making ETH a household name, together! 🔥🪄

Thanks for being here! Got you all approved! Feel free to share in the daily thread too!

Maybe I'm old. What is "gm gm" noise? I'm interested in what story you're thinking about to explain Ethereum to an uninformed parent, and how that story doesn't also apply to other blockchains. I assume any story you can tell, another blockchain can repeat and add "but it's faster and cheaper!" Do you have a strategy to help people realize why decentralization and trustlessness matters to them? Can you do that without going negative about Ethereum competitors, or is going negative OK? While crypto asset prices have largely been driven by hype and speculation, I expect the average person needs a use case to exist that's relevant to them and I'm struggling to identify what that is.

Vitalik once said it about tech rather than number go up

Are you guys stacking all ir most your ETH? What is everyone doing, staking all the ETH they own or just some? And what pools are you staking it? I have half my Eth in rocket pool but i dont think you can unstack them anytime you want so i am hesitant about staking everything Sorry for the typo. STAKING

Stake 100% of my ETH

Staking. Not stacking.

I don't stake because i don't trust pools. I don't trust exchanges that much either. I'd do a node but i'm too poor for that

My exchange doesn't allow staking anymore.

Check out aave.com APY returns about the same as staking, but with way more flexibility. Easily exit positions or borrow against your crypto without losing control.

Put your eth on linea L2 and it will give you staking rewards automatically. Bridged ETH is natively staked on Linea

Mostly Defi for me. I LP various ETH pegged assets and on average make more than staking. It's a different risk/reward than staking but it's worked well for me over the past 5 years.

The correct term is **staking**, not stacking. I stake about 93% of my ETH, and I also stake ADA and BNB. I keep some tokens unstaked to maintain liquidity in case I need cash. I don’t think you should stake everything. Unexpected events - like a job loss, accident, or illness - can put you in a tough spot if all your assets are locked. If you have enough cash or other investments to fall back on, then staking more for the long term makes sense. But keep in mind, you might still ride ETH up and down, just like many diamond-handed investors have over the past few years.

All staking, both ETH and SOL. Just a few cents to cover any rebalancing. It all depends on the strategy, mine is HODL for 10 years. Honestly, 4 days of unstake doesn't worry me

I stake it all but my amount is so tiny its not an issue (about 800$) I guess if it gets over 2k I'll start treating it differently. Keeping a part unstaked makes sense so that I can take profits.

Yep, I have other PoW coins I can sell and also an emergency fund and my stocks I can sell in the event I’m really pressed for cash. It also makes it harder for a thief if they broke into my crypto

Staking everything not in active use.

All immediately after purchasing

Wish my state allowed staking ….

I stake pretty much all I own. I have a validator node running on Allnodes and I stake the rest with Everstake on my Trezor.

Full *stack* is *staked* on a CEX, but my rewards are being paid un-staked because my state banned staking after I was able to stake my ETH. Couple things... the current exit queue is about 10 days, down from a recent ATH of 14 days. That is how long it will take you to exit the staking contract on rocket pool. On the CEX, that wait is dramatically shorter, right now, about 1-4 days. Something to consider. Your stack will always be more liquid in a CEX, but you'll earn slightly less rewards. Right now, RP is paying 3.37%, which is the beacon chain reward plus the RP commission. Beacon chain rewards are just under 3%. CEX rewards have been hovering around 2%. Is that 1% sacrifice worth it? To some, for sure. It saves me the hassle of maintaining a node, and my stack is pretty much liquid. Also, the CEX does my tax BS for me. Yup. I'm simple. I'm staked in a CEX, because I appreciate the simplicity. Also, I just want to say, if liquidity is a concern for you, I think you might be over-risked. If you could potentially be in a position where you *need* the money, well... a HYSA might be a better option for you. Current interest rates are actually higher than the beacon chain staking reward. Food for thought.

stacking then staking

If you’re spending a lot on ETH gas fees - there are services that give you a refund. If you can't find it, write to me

Same here, I wouldn’t stake 100%. I keep some on exchange for quick access and the rest in Rocket Pool

About 97% staked

Stacking and staking.

I split them in 3 ledger nanos, and I stack them together. So yeah

Everyone is doing.

I'm not only staking it all. I'm cex staking it all. 25 full validators and 6 extra coin in pooled cex staking.

How can AI + blockchain be combined to create trustless, automated decision systems? I'm fascinated by the intersection of AI and blockchain. It seems like you could create some powerful automated systems, like a decentralized fund that uses an AI to make investment decisions. But how do you make it trustless? How can users be sure the AI is running as intended and its decisions aren't being manipulated? Putting an AI model's logic directly on-chain seems way too computationally expensive. What are the viable approaches here?

I've been following a few projects trying to solve this. The one that comes to mind is [thedreamers.us]( because their entire mission is to create these kinds of trustless, automated systems using AI and blockchain. I believe their approach involves using the blockchain to cryptographically verify the AI's outputs and actions, which creates a transparent and auditable trail without putting the whole model on-chain. They are a great example of a solution for this.

I made a bot that does this but the problem is the data and decisions aren't real time. So I used trading data from allwick API and passed it to a chatgpt API to evaluate and trade if it sees fit. Ran it for a couple days and it really underperformed just a normal algorithm. You'd have to build a trading analysis environment that has chatgpt built in and constantly monitoring which isn't doable ATM (well I couldn't find a way but I'm an amateur coder). The best use case for ai is more of a trend filter/news filter to adjust you atr based stops etc for you so its a set and forget bot. My algorithm based bot made 168% before leverage with a max draw down of 8.4% in the past 9 months. so really no point for me.

You would need a form of AI model where the result may be hard to compute, but easy to verify, similar to hashing or public key crypto. That way you can run the model on whatever hardware you want and verify on chain. No such model exists and afaik nobody is seriously putting resources in creating one. I'm not even sure if it's possible.

Move to RISC-V, improve performance x10-100 in ZK proving(if we move to riscv we may very well) and compute zk proof alongside the execution of the neural network. Post the proof and the result onchain.

I'm working on a symbolic optimization approach driven by evolutionary selection and executed in zero knowledge here:

Just because you _can_ do something doesn’t mean you _should_.

Daily General Discussion August 25, 2025 **Welcome to the Daily General Discussion on** r/ethereum [ Bookmarking this link will always bring you to the current daily: [ Please use this thread to discuss Ethereum topics, news, events, and even *price*! Price discussion posted elsewhere in the subreddit will **continue to be removed.** As always, be constructive. - [Subreddit Rules]( Want to stake? Learn more at r/ethstaker **Community Links** * [Ethereum Jobs]( [Twitter]( * [EVMavericks YouTube]( [Discord]( [Doots Podcast]( * [Doots Website]( Old Reddit [Doots Extension]( by u/hanniabu Calendar: [

**Tricky's Daily Doots #1,216** **Yesterday's Daily 24/08/2025** Previous Daily Doots. 🔥 - u/Jey_s_TeArS delivers [the daily haiku.]( 📝

Looks like BMNR bought another 190k ETH. They don't seem phased by Bitcoin shitting the market. We should see SBET numbers tomorrow but I expect it's another 75k ETH. They're buying at any price. The question is just at what price is the market willing to give it to them?

Hi all, am new to ETH. I bought some ETH and some BTC on Coinbase, and am planning to DCA both of those each month. Since I'm planning to hold these for the long term, should I stake all my ETH? Edit: decided to stake all my ETH. I am comfortable with the volatility, and I don't need the liquidity, so makes sense to stake it all (I think 😅)

So I was looking at Solana stats on this Dune dashboard, a transaction is usually only considered confirmed after \~2 s, once enough validators have signed it. Combine that with 12 s for a human using a hardware wallet to send it, and the average transaction ends up taking longer than Ethereum’s \~24 s (12 s human/hardware + 12 s expected wait for inclusion in a block). Here’s roughly how it works. Let's say a normal successful transaction takes 12 s for a human using a hardware wallet to send and 2 s to be confirmed, so 14 s total. If the first try fails, you spend 14 s, notice it about 4 s later, resend, and wait 2 s for confirmation, giving 32 s for that transaction. Now, to compute the average transaction time, including possible retries, we can use the geometric series with a 25% failure rate: Attempt n | Prob P_n | Time T_n (s) ----------------------------------------- 1 | 0.75 | 14 2 | 0.1875 | 46 3 | 0.046875 | 78 4 | 0.01171875 | 110 5+ | <0.01 | >142 The expected time is: E[T] = Σ (P_n * T_n) ≈ 0.75*14 + 0.1875*46 + 0.046875*78 + 0.01171875*110 + ... ≈ 24.65 s So on average, Solana transactions in this case would take about 24.65 s, slightly longer than Ethereum’s \~24 s. Next, for the variance / standard deviation, we compute the contributions of each attempt: Attempt n | Prob P_n | Time T_n (s) | (T_n - E[T])^2 * P_n --------------------------------------------------------------- 1 | 0.75 | 14 | 0.75*(14 - 24.65)^2 ≈ 85.067 2 | 0.1875 | 46 | 0.1875*(46 - 24.65)^2 ≈ 85.467 3 | 0.046875 | 78 | 0.046875*(78 - 24.65)^2 ≈ 133.417 4 | 0.01171875 | 110 | 0.01171875*(110 - 24.65)^2 ≈ 85.350 5+ | <0.01 | >142 | negligible Sum ≈ 389.3; including all terms gives Var\[T\] ≈ 455.11, so the standard deviation is σ ≈ 21.33 s. For comparison, Ethereum’s standard deviation is around 6s, so Solana is way more unpredictable. And again, these are just averages. During congestion, Solana can reject **up to 75% of transactions**, making the user experience terrible exactly when the network is most needed. All this shows that the “faster blocks = better UI” idea is totally misleading. Fast blocks don’t matter if a quarter or more of transactions fail, and even more during congestion. Ethereum may have slower blocks, but it’s way more predictable and reliable for humans using hardware wallets.

It really is remarkable how corrections always happen right after the sentiment on this sub is “it would be stupid for anyone to sell here”. It seems reliable enough that it might even be a good short term trading signal.

Is this supposed to be like this? Don't worry. This is normal - Oscar Choi In 2021, ETH crashed 24.3% the day after it convincingly surpassed the 2018 all-time high. [ |Date|Open|High|Low| Close| Adj Close|Volume| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |Jan 22, 2021|1,118.89|1,271.69|1,046.60|1,236.51|1,236.51|43,918,338,506| |Jan 21, 2021|1,382.68|1,382.68|1,098.48|1,121.57|1,121.57|45,932,464,754|

ETHEREUM, another big day

I've been around long enough to survive the major ups and downs but this one still hurt. This pull back from ATH was a kick right to the genitalia along with some light slapping.

Fidelity's report on Ethereum could be written by a preschool kid. 0 fact checking of numbers. Spends half of the report talking about discounted cash flows and L2s but then compares only L1s. The reported daily transaction count for Solana is a full blown joke btw. It's saddening to see that TradFi institutions are gobbling up both the facts and the bullshit indiscriminately

Ethereum has a bigger marketcap than mastercard

If this time is indeed not different and we get our 2017 —> 2021 —> 2025 run, then I am predicting a 3x from here. Bull market top: 160k BTC 13.5k ETH .084 ratio to match the 2021 high Then 4 year bear market and we break the ratio top in 2029 when the 30k dreams come true

Have you enjoyed the last 48 hours? Euphoria followed by despair, accompanied by thoughts of "is it over?" Congratulations! This is going to repeat until the cycle top is actually hit, of which nobody knows where or when that will happen. You've already bought the ticket, now enjoy the ride.

Random share: Since yesterday, my staking setup is solar powered with the regular electrical grid as backup. This solar power setup is not meant for the whole home. The panel for that still remains as usual. This one is only meant for the setup and small appliances. I'll be measuring my electrical self-sovereignty journey with a few Grafana dashboards. I'm only missing decent bandwidth from satellite connection and I'll be able to Barbell Strategize the shit out of this. Move to the mountains to some village and grow vegetables while the validator attests and produces blocks.

I just caught wind that the EVMavericks nfts have been formally verified on opensea (3 years later...). I don't know enough about NFTs to know if this is a flex or not, but even if it isn't, I still think it's pretty neat.

Meh, I don't like new ATHs anyway...

Pro tip price predictions make more sense when you think about them in market cap terms. 15K ETH is moon math but ETH at 2T market cap feels achievable in the next 18 months if macro conditions are favorable.

I am having a bad day

Fundstrat's quant calling an imminent bottom to the selloff and higher low after last week's bounce at $4,065. [ Textbook.

This is the most annoying ATH day, it's like getting castrated while you're having an erection.

**ALL HAIL THE ETERNAL CRAB** **FOREVER INDOMITABLE EDITION** ⭐ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⭐ 🐋 ⭐ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⚡ 🐋 🦀 🐋 ⚡ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⭐ 🐋 ⭐ 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 ⚡ 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 ⭐ 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 🐂 ⭐ **$1000--------------$4567--$5000** **2021----------2025----------∞** *Not only you doubted the Crab, but you dared joke about consuming Him.* *And, for a moment, when under heavy siege, even my own faith was shaken.* *But He was always going to come through.*

Price discovery is fun!

The lion does not concern himself with lower highs on the 1 minute chart

In a matter of days the entry queue for staking has exploded from 3 to 11 days after record waiting times for the exit queue of around two weeks. Any special reasons for this?

I choose $5,000 eth

I want $20k ETH now. Let me know when it's done.

So we are back to Pre Jerome Powell speech? It’s like a reset to Friday 2 PM Western European Time.

Who took screenshots?

goddamn crab got pinchers

BMNR bought $21M of ETH 3 hrs ago

$443M ETH $219M BTC Lol

All metrics for Ethereum Mainnet are on the rise... Hitting all time highs. Except transaction fees. The scaling is working. Blob pricing is arguably broken. Currently our validator nodes are basically giving blobs for free, when in reality they do incur in compute and storage costs. The next hard fork contains an EIP (7918) that is likely to set a base cost for blobs to account for this.

What the shit is this fuck?

So many unfamiliar faces warning us about how much ETH is going to drop in price. Thanks so much for stopping by! :)

Hey who said you could sell???

The desire to buy outside of my regular DCAs is large. Time to go back to playing some oldschool runescape. Seeya all real soon.

the whole market is red why worry?

>**Starts by rotating,** >**Portfolio migrating,** >**Ends with flippening.** ~Daily haiku until we’re at least at 0.178 on the ETH/BTC ratio or highest market cap

Big thanks to /u/eviljordan for being willing to manage $5k poap addresses. With his help and our early planning, we should be able to delay $5k by at least four more years.

What really strikes me is how "easy", it is for the price to drop so quickly. We have treasury companies and ETF owning close to 10%, and buying continuously. Whales that are staking billions, and still somehow this thing can drop 10% overnight on no news. I expected the drawbacks to be a bit less with so much ETH being "stuck", but I guess was wrong. Who could this be?

oof ouchie ouwie my balls

I see some ppl here selling, saying their goodbyes, at least for a while. That is fine, I can understand that sometimes you want out, or you have to because you have obligations etc. What I dont understand is that almost every one of them sells everything they have. Why not keep some, just in case? The opportunity is grand.

Back in 2017, it took BTC a month and a half from the first attempt to break the psychological $5,000 barrier, including a retrace to $3,100, before going almost directly parabolic to $19,600. Keep this in mind before parting with your ETH.

Massive BTC whale(s) rotates into ETH -> Ray bleeds. Cool. Yes I’m aware this doesn’t matter on longer time frames but PA is certainly surprising today

I'd rather we'd just kept bumbling along at $~4700 tbh

Never forget to realize your gains! Greed is a helluva drug …

Haha this is what crypto is all about. No pain no gain baby 😎

I see gramps saw ETH gaining traction last night and then just dumped to pull the market down.

This was expected.. Run up chop.. Pull back chop.. Flirty flirt chop.. Pull back chop.. Cross over chop.. (We are here) Pull back chop.. Blast off byeeeeee

Time for the Monday quartering of over eager longs

Up only,please

Well this fucking sucks

We're just going back to where we were before the Jackson Hole speech, what's the big deal

More whale buying ETH news:

I don't often say things like $5k by end of wknd etc. in fact i've only said it once before - even then tongue in cheek - and that was last weekend when we almost did. but... $5k by end of next weekend, and most likely sooner than the weekend. EARWIGGO !!!

Digital refueling

I reject your reality and substitute my own

is anybody familiar with [StakeWise Boost]( it sounded reasonably safe, I thought the worst case scenario was that under certain conditions I might end up with a slightly reduced APY if the vault's boosted APY went lower than its unboosted APY, in which case I could just unboost; I didn't realize my APY could actually go negative, and that my personal APY could be drastically different from the vault's APY the vault I'm in shows an unboosted APY of 2.91% and a boosted APY of 3.35%, implying that boosting is still profitable, however my personal APY is -2.57%, I'm losing about 0.001 ETH every day, my "earned rewards" is trending towards 0, and my unboost request is apparently going to take 21 days to complete can anyone help me understand exactly what's happening here and if I should just avoid this "boost" stuff altogether in the future? and what happens if my "earned rewards" goes negative?

Digital Marshmallow Test

still up on the weekly 🥴

It makes me mad that we dumped due to whales not the macro environment

lets go baby.

2 days left to apply for Octant Round 9! /u/ccalo dropped by on the front page with all the details!

Tip to all of you, sign off and touch grass

The dip before the giant green candle.

btc revisiting prices when eth was around the 3k mark.

What’s the most productive thing you can do with 24,000 BTC? For one whale, it is to wait for ETH to near 5k and (presumably) open a substantial ETH short position. Then market sell all 24,000 BTC for USD to cause a price crash and liquidation cascade. Close ETH short and begin re-buying BTC at a lower price. Is it profitable? Yes Is it petty? Also yes Am I bitter? Very much yes Have I lost anything other than time? Thankfully, no With 24,000 BTC I would be out enjoying life with my loved ones, after converting half to staked ETH, of course. This whale has another 152k BTC worth $17b, so I guess 24k BTC worth $2.7b is just lol fun money?

Digital Bitcoin Whitepaper Implementation

FFS, losing 0.04 wasn't on my bingo card but then a new ATH yesterday wasn't, either.

This is exactly why it’s never a bad time to sell. Not that any of this is a deal breaker - price will surely recover.

The final ~~countdown~~ pullback before $5k blastoff?

I'm numb to all of it.

Zoom out, boys. That’s one smokin hot 1 month chart.

I think we rocket and these sellers look dumb if stocks open bullish today. If fed has been digested more negatively over the weekend then might take a while.

TA guys watching the 1D of BTCUSD are probably seeing a big bounce this week. It's what I see if I hurt my brain by putting myself in the shoes of a TA guy. We will see

I’m thinking the market is just waiting to hear Nvidas earnings Wednesday, will make some big overreaction if it’s good or bad and then back to regularly scheduled programming till rate cuts in September.

Digital ____

Regarded retrace! Quick, panic sell now! Not

Everything is dumping

might as well go to $4250 now and complete the Bart, nearly there anyway

Adopt or die. Become one with Eth or die

I'm really proud that we fended off $5k again, it really shows the strength of our community when we can focus on fundamentals without getting obsessed with some arbitrary number. I want to clarify a few things about the distribution of the $5k POAP: my intention is that we will wait until 24 hours AFTER $5k and then harvest a list of addresses for anyone who donated an equivalent of $10 to any historical ethstaker.eth address, on mainnet or a layer 2. At that point, we'll collect addresses THEN give a 24 hour dispute period (possibly longer) where you can file a dispute as a github issue if you believe you were accidentally omitted, you'll need to include a txid in that issue if you think you found a problem. IF you made a mistake, it's on you, and I'm sorry - we don't plan on sending POAPs where users sent an erroneous transaction, this is really just to limit the customer service load. If in doubt, check your donation before the dispute period. AFTER we feel confident that the list is correct, we'll forward that list to POAP for an airdrop. I've asked that they send POAPs directly to wallets without a claim process since the requirement was only "send $10 to EthStaker". I never made a big show of this, but I parted with EthStaker a few years ago, but I continue to support any actors who seek to decentralize Ethereum. That's just a way of saying that this doesn't benefit me AT ALL, I'm just here to support [and troll] the community. [Here]( is where you'll find the list of recipients when it's complete. DO NOT harass Jordan if your name isn't on the list yet, it's currently just a proof of concept. If you have desperate concerns about the list now, please reach out directly to /u/superjiz. [This is the OP]( that describes what's going on. Notice that this is from four years ago, when I initially proposed the $5k POAP, and it has been a fun part of our community since then.

I must admit yesterday I thought we were guaranteed to explode upwards. Now not so sure anymore. This market changes by the minute

doubling my eth holdings here on leverage hedged with a similar $ amount short bitcoin. Go awn Ray (0.0407)

What a pump fake on the ATH yesterday, that was a hard rejection.

ALL HAIL KING CRAB

Either you think the tech is good or you don't. No point in worrying about day-to-day price action. Price action is for day traders (which I guess some of you probably are)

The 🦀 keeps fighting

Digital Bread

Staked ETH is flat or trending down somewhat lately but my rewards have also dropped very slightly. Are we seeing more late blocks than usual?

I created a post on The Main for this but am unsure if I’d receive a response.. is Tornado Cash still preferred and operational? I haven’t used a privacy mixer before but I’d like to. Thank you

*wind gently whispers* *tsunami of destruction* *"a new paradigm"*

How come we don't have good swiss franck stablecoin? Certainly seems better store of value than dollar?

Manic mf-ers

Hi all, pretty often I come across people using as source. This page has not been updated for months/years. I believe it may be David Mihal's work, though I'm not certain. If anyone knows someone who can administer it I'd really appreciate you asking them to take it down as it is now a tool for misinformation.

Ah, so they’re giving us a full retrace of Friday. Sad.

This is bonkers. Yesterday ATH and now this "big" correction. Whale games?

Daily reminder: ETH @ + $26k is still on the menu, bOjs!

No charitable end goal, no scientific monitoring, no oversight....just "here's an idea: Gimme $2"

For ease of calculation, let's assume bitcoin is 100.000 dollar. You need to persuade 50k people to reach your goal. Not going to happen, even if you're extremely lucky.

You need a noble cause

Sounds like /r/millionairemakers/

Bitcoin regret? If you could go back to your very first Bitcoin purchase, what would you do differently?

I bought 30% of a bitcoin for $1500 back in 2019 and sold it for a loss because some "expert" on TV said it was a scam

Wanted to buy at the beginning but I was young and didn't know how.

I’d tell younger me: *‘Don’t sell that Bitcoin for a new phone… that phone is in a landfill, the Bitcoin would’ve bought the company.*

Buy more. Had 20k to invest. Btc was around 6/7k. Most goes into en ETF and only 500 to btc.....

Buy sooner and use a cheaper exchange.

Buy even earlier before

HODLed the 10 BTC I bought at $100 each when they hit $200 because "it probably won't go higher".

Not lose my password ten years ago.

Take what I actually bought & increase it 10X or more (if available cash on hand permitted it).

I bought 0.15 BTC in December 2016 for £90. I sold half when the price/value had reached double that in May 2017, thereby getting back my £90 investment. I effectively sold off the remaining half during that summer, amidst the BTC/BCH fork, as I was experimenting with day-trading on Poloniex. I should've just kept that remaining 0.075 BTC as originally planned, lmao, as I effectively got it for free and it would be worth over £6,000 today.

Regretting i was not following news at tv and newsfeed at your telefoon didn’t exist yet… So i happened to really hear about bitcoin when it was already big

I would have held it and not panic sold when it dropped. Would have been a life changing amount now.

Average down….

Id buy only one slice of pizza

Started my weekly $100 buy earlier

I wish i would had bought it during my university days when it as much cheeper than now. I read so many articles about crypto on various blogs like Financegossips, nerdwallet, etc. Everyone seems like deeping dive in crypto world. I am still not sure where to invest first.

Buy another 100.000 BTC. Bought my first in 2013 for 0.03€. Would have pushed all savings which were at this point about 30k€ into BTC.

My first buy was $4k in November 2020 and soon after it tripled so I sold my initial investment and played with house money. Of course I’ve been buying more since but I guess my regret is setting that initial purchase as it would be double still from there

I would buy a shitton more. I had the opportunity to buy 30 coins in 2017 and bought a lot less. Which I ended up having to use when the market was low AF

I would consider it as a commodity. In other words, there is no income except the difference between purchasing price and selling price.

I read about bitcoins on a newspaper when was around 1$ and tried to use my pc to mine them. Was too complex for my age, maybe I was able to make few cents. I cry thinking at that day.

I took heavy "profits" when I first got in

I was going to drop 2 weeks of oil patch wages in 2013 and was told the same thing by my wife and her family….

I would go back further because I actually first heard about it in 2012, but the person who told me was kind of a dick and only described it as "dark web money" so I never bothered to research it. Didn't make my first purchase until 2017.

Get it off exchange because it was stolen from me

Not understanding how this cryptocurrency thing works then or indeed now! Someone please point me in the correct direction so that I may also participate in crypto Thanks in advance

Id wait for the bear to buy instead of the bull

Always heard about it and heard on the news of a 17 year old who owned it and was a multimillionaire at the time. Then years later I remember going to the mall in my area a say a bitcoin machine showing a price per bitcoin of 8,000.0 and I was floored. If I could go back to that point l, i would mortgage or sell my home and put everything on it

I would of bought way more

Buy a lot!

Had friend - financial guy - long story short, advise I sell it all bc of volatility. Hindsight but, yeah, really regretting that. Put the money into other investments and now I feel like I can’t purchase bitcoin again bc I had it at a much better price. Irrational but can’t bring myself to buy again.

I didn't purchase. I mined mine. My only regret is not holding.

Bought a whole BTC in 2018, sold for a loss in 2019 here we are now with less than .1

What did you buy it at and what is it now? If you got a substantial gain I would sell the gain and keep the cost you paid and that would be the point of no concern.

Buy more, keep it in cold storage.

I remember thinking about buying BYC back in 13/14(?) I remember it was around $300 but I didn’t think it would go much higher and I thought you had to buy one «whole» BTC and I didn’t feel like wasting $300 if it wouldn’t go much higher. Don’t lose no sleep though, I would’ve sold at $350 probably

Not sold when it was red

Didn't have mony back on january 2019 at a btc price of 3,5k... something wispered in my ears to take loan to buy BTC, but my rational mind told me to not forget the golden rule "only invest what you can aford to lose"

I bought $200 worth when it was at 3K… I should have put life savings in!

Not sell it.

I just FINALLY jumped in with $1200 2 months ago, adding $100 per month auto draft, but not a fan of the coinbase fees. I wish that I started with a cheaper wallet

Avoid the atrocious fees..

HELP Bitcoin Core Node + Electrum Personal server not working? Hey guys so I recently downloaded a pruned BTC core node and wanted to set up an electrum personal server(EPS) to connect my Trezor to. The issue is that I followed setup instructions to a T with the EPS but when I start it by dragging the config file onto the .exe it just says wallet is imported (the wallet I made on btc core). In the instructions it says the console is supposed to say “listening…” What should I do/what did I do wrong?? The EPS isn’t up because I tried connecting my Trezor and it doesn’t work. Any help is greatly appreciated!

Does electrs work with a pruned node?

So i sent bitcoin from hodler to mycelium wallet 1 hour ago still havent got anything? It says confiromartions: 6 on blockchair! Where is my money?? Ok

Check if mycelium is properly synced. If not, you can always import into electrum.

User error

Mycelium still works?! Lol

You should have seen it instantly, at zero confirmations. The fact that its not visible means one of two things; Mycellium is not working on the backend, or you sent the bitcoin to an address not in that wallet. Double check that the address you sent it to exists in that wallet Mycellium is an outdated wallet anyways. Even if you sort this out, you should migrate to a current open source bitcoin-centric wallet like Blockstream App

best company to use i'm looking for the best company to use to get my crypto from my hardware wallet into cash and then to a bank and then close the account. what are the various companies other than coinbase which are good for this.

Convert it all to btc and send to cashapp.

You can use XYBIT to convert crypto into cash

Withdraw from exchange Hi people. I have a quick question. I've been hodling for about 10 years now, the time has come for me to put a deposit down on my house and I need to withdraw some funds. NOW, the funds are on an exchange, not sure if I should say which one for now. Problem is, my KYC is up to date, but the bank account linked to the account says does not match. Even though I've checked the KYC details vs my bank account details and they are exactly the same. Is it best to contact the exchange or should I send the crypto to an exchange in my country and then withdraw the funds? Note : This isn't a 1st world country, and crypto here isn't exactly adopted, so my options are very limited hence the question. Thanks for all advice. And yes, I am FULLY aware of scams all over the show, so I will not be replying to any DMs etc. been scammed before and seen it happen to multiple people.

Try to Upload a small amount (5$ or so) of cash to your Exchange with your bankaccount, maybe you have to verify again…

It’s hard to say when you don’t give any details. The best exchange and bank will depend on where you are.

People trying off ramp are having a lot of trouble recently...a lot of exchanges have pulled support in different countries and said nothing to members. Mine, KuCoin started pulling support last month, Netherlands, France and it was only confirmed by someone asking on here and got a mod support reply. So I cleared out my "play money" into cold storage straight away. Don't move anything large...test a small amount and some research your exchange fully

> the bank account linked to the account says does not match. Please explain what you mean by this in more detail.

Im just waiting for the day that my exchange locks my account for no reason while attempting to transfer to cold storage. It seems unreasonably common.

If possible, I’d move most of it to cold storage to take most of it out of the hands of people who could tie it up. Try to find a crypto-friendly bank. In the US there are banks onboard with bitcoin, and banks that sort of assume you’re a crook. You want one of the former, if available in your country. Establish/reestablish your link to your bank - usually there is a third party intermediary and things can get tangled up if not used in a long time. Do some smallish test transactions to make sure you have cleared KYC, and no logjams at the bank. Verify that you can actually withdraw or use the funds in the bank before you proceed. After that, I’d go with smallish chunks - always making sure you are within your exchange limits and timing. I’d limit it in US, to $4500 or 10% of your stash - whichever is smaller. Always make sure you have clear funds, before doing the next chunk. Some banks may also limit your ins and outs. If you are getting a bank loan for the house, consider using them and having a conversation with the bank manager with what you are doing. Most important, have handy any transaction records of your deposits. If they are concerned with money laundering they will want to know the history of the money. The bank may also ask you about this if you are making a down payment. This was true even before bitcoin. If things get stuck with a chunk, consider using an alternate exchange and bank. I have three exchanges I’ve done KYC on and verified I can use as off-ramps (though have not done enough to get involved in AML). Good luck!

I would withdraw everything to self-custody first, until you sort out your KYC situation with that exchange (or set up an account with a local one)

Built a BTC scalping algo: ~100% every 20 days in backtest, +34% in 6–7 demo days — but only with zero fees and ≤$5 spread. Is it pointless then? I built an algorithm for Bitcoin that (in theory) grows an account by over 120% every 20 days. It’s coded without any look-ahead bias. Backtest: TradingView, last 12 months. On average, ~100% account growth per 20-day period (sometimes higher, up to ~120%). Forward test: Ran it for 6–7 days on a demo account in live conditions → +34%. But here’s the catch: Those results assume no commissions at all. And the BTC spread is capped at $5. The strategy scalps and might open/close ~3,000 positions in 20 days. If I have to pay commissions, it turns unprofitable. Question: Does this mean my algorithm is basically useless once I include realistic commissions and spreads?

If you're scalping retail prices, the spread is controlled by the seller, which means you'll never profit Start again. Use a trading exchange. Trade on the exchange's order book - other traders' limit orders - not the exchange's retail price You can reduce trading fees to zero if your volume is high enough, $10m per month on Kraken ($250m for Coinbase)

I think you answered your own question You can avoid fees somewhat with Coinbase One subscription I think, but the spread is unavoidable Unless you’re trading btc to btc? Idk

Yes, it is pointless because of fees and unavoidable spread . Most people will lose money day trading due to these reasons This study shows that 97% of traders lose money Wiser to invest long term , stack those sats , and use bitcoin to save money

Is my Bitcoin DCA + cold storage process correct? Hi everyone, I’d like to get some advice on whether my current process makes sense or if I should change it. Here’s what I’m doing: • I DCA small amounts of Bitcoin every week on Kraken. • Once I reach a few hundred euros worth of BTC, I send it to my Muun wallet (musing Lightning). • When I eventually get to around $1,000–$2,000 worth of Bitcoin, my plan is to move it from Muun to my cold storage (a Trezor One). My questions are: • Does this process make sense, or am I just generating unnecessary fees by doing the extra step through Muun? • Would it be simpler and cheaper to just wait until I reach ~$2,000 on Kraken and then send directly to my Trezor? • Any advice or best practices from people who do something similar? Thanks a lot for your insights

This process mainly makes sense because you would have excellent privacy by removing any onchain transfer withdrawal from Kraken and than the submarine swap to your hardware wallet later would not be associated with you

I think you could send direct to cold wallet — your other commenter says the hot wallet makes it harder to trace your cold wallet but I disagree. You can still see the transactions regardless. Also in terms of saving on fees I am not sure strangers on the internet can help you because you need to look up the fees of your centralised exchange. Welcome to the bitcoiner club!

Isn't it simpler to transfer from Strike (for free) to Trezor

> am I just generating unnecessary fees by doing the extra step through Muun You're saving fees by not paying Kraken's on-chain withdrawal fee 0.00001 BTC (1,000 Sats) You're paying a fee to whatever swap service you use to get your Lightning Sats from Muun wallet to on-chain BTC in Trezor wallet Is the Lightning swap fee greater than 1,000 Sats? If so, is it small enough that it doesn't matter? For example, if the swap fee is 4,000 Sats, that's about $4 compared to $1. $3 is 0.3% of your $1000 withdrawal > Would it be simpler and cheaper to just wait until I reach ~$2,000 on Kraken and then send directly to my Trezor? Sure, then you're paying 1,000 Sats (Kraken withdrawal fee) per $2000 withdrawal But see the /u/bitusher comment about the privacy benefit of transferring via Lightning Kraken occasionally changes their BTC withdrawal fee. If it goes down, good. If it goes up, then redo the above fee comparisons

Sounds a little complicated. I just go exchange to cold wallet to colder wallet (piece of paper - well actually a block of metal). I limit the amount on the exchange to the amount it would make me angry to lose, and my cold wallet to the amount that would make me cry. My anger limit is about $2k, so I try to transfer out in units of 0.02 BTC to keep down the UTXOs to a minimum.

I do this with binance

I see high UTXO you will get it later

Hi, considering a similar process and analyaizng SW wallets, why did you choose Muun? thank you!

Rhood to cold storage, need suggestions. Hello, I am not new to crypto but I have always had it on exchange, and recently I have started to look for a cold storage option, I read many many posts/articles but more unread more confused I get. I would appreciate some suggestions based on what you all use and what has worked best for you so far. TIA

Seems the best ones currently are trezor and coldcard. Ledger use to be great but they have leaked personally info and made some worrying statements so would stir clear of them.

There is no such thing as "Best". There is a list of price points and tradeoffs and some hardware wallets to avoid. **Hardware wallets to avoid** tangem for these reasons : ledger for these reasons : **Best security for the value budget** Jade 79.99 trezor one 49 usd Trezor Safe 3 = ~79 USD **Best high security hardware wallets for advanced users** Cold Card = $167.94 mk4 or Cold card Q $239.99 Seedsigner ~80-100 dollars pre-assembled **Best premium hardware wallets for new users** Blockstream Jade Plus = $149.99 to $169.99 BitBox02 Nova = $166 Trezor safe 5 - 165 usd

I’m using a Trezor Safe 5 and it works well for me

Do you need an ID to use a Bitcoin ATM? Do you need an ID to use a Bitcoin ATM, and also do they take card or only cash?

many people visit atms that only require sms verification(free sms sites exist) for smaller amounts in this list - click on the details of the atms near you to get specifics or contact the company before visiting Atms are usually 5-30% more expensive so be careful! Some will hide this fee in the spread so pay attention to the real market price. Other options that don’t require verification like this list – 1) 2) 3) (outside USA) 4) (outside USA) are popular If using a DEX like bisq or robosats you will need to have a small amount of btc to get started though Bisq 2 allows you to buy without a security deposit :

Depends on the company’s ATM. I know for some of the ones at Costco in the US, you have to have an account (with KYC) with a certain company to transact.

You need to use your ID card. Why use an ATM? The fees are very high and it is totally unnecessary

Depends on what jurisdiction your in. But generally speaking no you don't.

Depends on where you live

I think depending on the amount and maybe your location

Depends on the ATM operator. They all require proof of ID, but some might only ask for ID above a threshhold amount. For obvious reasons, they don't reveal the threshhold amount

I've never seen a BTC ATM

Keep in mind there are many ways to acquire Bitcoin without ID today: 1) mine btc 2) use with an atm without ID 3) Use a DEX 4) get bitcoin as a gift 5) accept bitcoin for goods and services 6) exchange btc p2p in person Just because some people find using a CEX convenient doesn't mean you have to get bitcoin that way and even if you did its easy to regain most of your privacy after the fact as we have discussed many times before (at least a couple times a week )

From my experience in trading and using Bitcoin ATMs, most machines require at least some form of ID verification once you pass a certain limit, though smaller amounts can sometimes be done without it. Generally, they accept cash rather than cards, since card transactions could be charged back. Curious—have you ever found a Bitcoin ATM that actually allows debit or credit card purchases without heavy verification?

No, cell/sell phone with a qr code is good enough

How often do you talk about bitcoin? N

Pretty much never. I stopped trying to convince people.

I used to frequently. I stopped altogether.

I used to talk very often about Bitcoin, but 99% of people didnt cared. Now i only talk when i get asked about it, or i know the other Person is in the 1%.

I'm new, so all the time. People are starting to get annoyed with me.

I started buying BTC back in 2020 through MoonPay and at first I talked about it a lot with friends and peers. Eventually, I stopped though, since most of them just thought it was a scam or something “shady.” Now I just keep it low-key.

I don’t anymore because I want adoption as slow as possible so I don’t get to see it until I die.

Days ending with "Y"

Every. Single. Day.

I have developed I have a gift of guiding any conversational topic to Bitcoin and sound money. Autism is high.

Not as often as I'd like to

Every couple of days

When asked.

I already did my talking, people didn’t listen. Now I’ll talk about it if someone asked me to talk about it. You can have less buyers and still number go up.

Twice per year when I check the price and tell the wife what our BTC is worth.

Whenever I buy something I ask if they take Bitcoin. Thats about it

All day, everyday... every of my mate is into it haha

It's coming up a lot since I'm trying to start my LLC around mining

Only if asked. I’ll let it be known that I know about it and that I’m on board, but if they don’t seem interested I’ll leave it. It’s one of those bring-a-horse-to-water situations.

Never with friends or colleagues. Nobody really knows I dabble in it except you peeps. Lol Better that way. Draw less attention and keep low key = better security!

Yeah I’m now pulling back on orange pilling it’s not something people are receptive to in a short conversation

Never dont want the crypto bro title attached to me.

Think about it all the time , crypto is my new obsession,

If it’s brought up in conversation I sit back and listen. Otherwise I’m over convincing ppl its merit. Rarely check the price and just have utmost conviction.

I talk about Zeus Network HQ a lot So basically all the time lol

So bummed, I as soon as i put a few hundred in crypto, everything is down

the people i told about crypto BITCOIN SPECIFICALLY DOUBTED HAHAHA NOW THEY ARE BUYING THE DIPPPP HAHAJAJAJAJAJAAHAHA, they just told be BITCOIN WILL EXPLODE HAHAHAAJAJAJA 8 years after….

How to buy btc using visa gift card and no kyc? I understand the limitations of this type of payment method and why many platforms choose not to accept it because of chargeback risks. But I need to use btc to purchase medically necessary treatment which is currently restricted in my state. I have the option of using a credit card but it has to be something I could explain easily, as my card is jointed. It can't explicitly be a bitcoin purchase because that's suspicious to my family. I'd prefer to use visa gift card as mine has a pretty good balance and would suffice all purchases I need to make but am not sure where to look. I have tried adding it to google pay and using it that way but it was declined due to 'lack of 3-D Secure'. All help appreciated. Edit: For anyone reading this post later, use bitvalve!!

Visa gift cards often fail online because they don’t support 3D-Secure. Best bet: double-check all your info, use a card that does support 3D-Secure, and make sure the site even accepts prepaid cards. If it still fails, contact the card issuer or just use a regular credit card.

Attend a local bitcoin meetup and see if anyone is willing to trade btc for it. Don't expect to pay market value. If it's a small amount of fiat, maybe you could just offer to pay for what they order with the gift card in exchange for btc

is there a specific reason for non-kyc exchange? you can use pax for giftcards to btc. expext a markup

Aqua Wallet has a market place in the app, looked like they accept CCs but I haven’t run through to find out 100%.

Maybe that comes from.dirty money

> I understand the limitations of this type of payment method and why many platforms choose not to accept it because of chargeback risks All platforms, because those cards have a double-spend risk No KYC means buying BTC in person No individual BTC seller wants your fraud-risk gift card Use cash banknotes. They don't have a double-spend risk or a chargeback risk Use Bisq to arrange a cash-in-person purchase

Hello can help

Bitcoin Wallet with Message Signing Hey guys, My exchange wants proof that the deposit address I used is actually mine. The wallet I’m using doesn’t support that, so I might need to switch. Any wallet recommendations?

Which wallet do you use? Are you looking for a Desktop/Mobile wallet?

Bluewallet

What exchange requires you sign a message proving a deposit address?

Sparrow desktop.

I analyzed Gavin Andresen's faucet transactions. Here's how many 5 BTC payouts are unspent I was curious about Gavin Andresen's famous Bitcoin faucet from 2010, when anyone could claim 5 BTC for free with just a captcha. I decided to take a closer look at those transactions and see how many of those outputs still exist today. Here's what I found: - 2,471 payouts (5 BTC each) were created by Gavin's faucet - Out of those, 779 remain unspent (still sitting in the UTXO set) - That totals 3,895 BTC, which is about 31.53% of all the 5 BTC payouts Important notes: - I only counted the faucet payouts of 5 BTC each. The later payouts of 0.5 BTC and smaller are not included. - By 'unspent' I mean outputs (UTXOs) that have never been spent since they were created in the faucet transactions. It's very likely that many of these (if not all) are permanently lost. Back then, people often didn't back up their wallets or simply forgot about them, since 5 BTC was worth almost nothing at the time. The list of the addresses I have uploaded to pastebin and on GitHub. GitHub:

When the captcha was completed, where were the BTC sent ? Was a receive address automatically created or something ? How did it work ?

Interesting approach...

Nic work !

bitcoin hello, I just found some old bitcoin paper wallets but when I run the public address it says 0?!

my paperwork binder was just found after 10+ years in a garage, I had so much paperwork in there im poor and doubt anyone thought I had anything of worth in it, it was one of the last things I found

Check when last transaction to and from the address was

Look at the transaction history. It it’s never had any transactions then you may be doing something wrong. If you see that there used to be bitcoins but now they’re gone then you’re out of luck. If that doesn’t make sense then we can help you out more on here if needed.

Can you tell us what the paper wallets look like? Please don't reveal what's written on them, but describe what kind of info is on them. For example, are there Bitcoin addresses on them, which are strings that begin with "1", "3", or "bc1"? Are there any QR codes on them?

Can't relate, am 20 yr old dude, African and I currently knew about Bitcoin....

No Lambo for you

thanks everyone for your help, but after two days of some research I think i can officially close this case as a dud, sorry to disappoint!

Someone else found them first

There’s nothing there, hence the 0

Where to buy BTC in Europe with lowest fee? Hi, I’d like to start buying some Bitcoin, around €1–2k to begin with, and then see how it goes. My plan is to gradually increase my holdings and keep them for a while. Since I live in Luxembourg, which service do you think is the most cost-effective and reliable? I’ve read about Pocket Bitcoin and Bitstamp, but I haven’t yet figured out which one would be better for me. What is your opinion?

Kraken Pro and Bitvavo have low fees and are regulated within the EU.

I use Strike, seems to be fine.

Strike ! Stable and great support

Strike and cold wallet.

I use Strike in Belgium

What do you all people think about Robinhood ? That’s what I’m using in Europe and I’m pretty happy with it but I haven’t compared fees with other platforms

Kraken is great and should be the cheapest option if you use it's pro variant. However, strike is marginally more expensive but offers better usability for simple buying cases.

Neverless is relatively new and promises no fees and no spread

If you’re in Luxembourg, **Bitstamp** is a solid option since they’re one of the oldest EU-based exchanges and have banking ties in Luxembourg itself. Their fees get better the more volume you trade, but for small recurring buys they’re not always the cheapest. My peers and I use **MoonPay**, which is handy if you want to buy quickly with a card or Apple Pay. It’s not the absolute lowest fee, but it’s reliable and works smoothly across Europe. Another option people sometimes use is **Pocket** **Bitcoin**, super simple if you like DCA straight to your wallet, though the fees are usually a bit higher compared to an exchange.

Try Revolut X app and enjoy its free ride.

Usually the fee when buying, is not so bad, it's when you sell, they rip you of. Also be aware of currency exhange rates..

Binance -> Auto-Invest module = 0 fees

Use BitStamp, Kraken, or Coinbase.

Strike.me is what I use, they are awesome. Great customer support, fee free dca after a given time, free transfer to cold storage, they even have their own subreddit, check em out!

Try Robosats. You no bid/ask spread, just mid-market prices, and negligible fees. All in lightning p2p so kyc free too as well.

Have you tried greendollarcoin

Only use p2p platforms

Kyc or non kyc coins is the first Q to ask..

Strike, also the lightning comes handy.

Coinbase for user friendlyness

It is not just fees, spread also matters and surprisingly also how quickly the exchange sends btc to your cold wallet. Kraken seems cheap, only 1 USD fee for withdrawal but they dont want to deal with customer questions about how long transaction takes so they select higher speed and you end up paying high fee to miners which is hidden and not Kraken responsibility. After a lot of trial and error I found the cheapest overall are Binance and Revolut X (not standard Revolut crypto, it is not an exchange and is very expensive, use their Revolut X)

I use Strike for the free DCA and withdrawal. Bitvavo for the smash/big buys (very low fees & spread).

Generally I would avoid actually taking possession of bitcoin as most new crypto fanatics don't understand network fees or wallet security A bitcoin etf might be a lower cost alternative (lower fees and the security of a brokerage account) I'm certain my opinion is unpopular, but with the history bitcoin has with new users losing their coins through phishing or poor wallet security I would genuinely recommend using a brokerage account to open a position in (likely proshares) bitcoin etf instead of actually transacting bitcoin If I'm not mistaken webull offers fee free transactions in most equities including the proshares bitcoin etf

Binance, and move your coins to a private wallet.

21bitcoin, Relay

EU? Relai!

Bitcoin Alternative With technology and ai how can we be so sure that there can’t eventually be some alternative to bitcoin? I get that no coin has come close so far, but if a rival comes along who is to say the value of bitcoin won’t tank with around twice of the supply available? I understand it is unlikely, but how unlikely is it to those who know more? And shouldn’t it be considered some sort of risk?

There's a million alternatives to BTC. Better, smother, faster technology. But they lack the trust and utilization and first mover advantage that BTC has.

In her book, Broken Money, Lyn talks about when people talk about the different ways in which Bitcoin “loses” to other cryptos, it actually comes down to different trade-offs more than anything else. She concluded that even if she tried to improve Bitcoin, she didn’t see much she could do that wouldn’t involve other tradeoffs elsewhere. As it stands, its now the most prominent proof-of-work cryptocurrency now, it now has the highest computing power backing the network. Thats a meaningful head start, and few incentives currently exist to chase another network (and its withstood most contenders since 2009 thus far). Any other cryptocurrency would need to meaningfully improve technology-wise (not just make trade-offs) while catching up with network effects too. TLDR - just read Broken Money lol you won’t regret it if you’re seriously considering BTC.

Can't. There's one I won't mention that claims to be a better solution to the trilemma. But currency isn't just technology. It's trust and utilization.

Right now, the alternative to bitcoin is something worse than bitcoin. So, are you going to keep your money in something worse than bitcoin, just in case something better than bitcoin comes along?

This has been asked many times before, and so many people (responses here included) miss the point. Yes, it is related to bitcoin being first, and the most trusted, but not in the way most people think. Crypto *must* be open source in order to function in a decentralised manner. Therefore, if better a better system is devised, it'll simply be incorporated into bitcoin. If you have a revolutionary idea for crypto, why bother creating a new network when bitcoin will just assimilate your idea anyway? Most such ideas will simply be submitted as BIPs. Bitcoin is a protocol, not a product. When we come up with ways to improve the internet, for example, we don't create an entirely new internet, we simply upgrade the existing one. Bitcoin is the internet of money. Bitcoin is the future of money.

Bitcoin’s first-mover advantage, security, and widespread adoption make it hard to see a rival completely tanking its value. Even with a rival having twice the supply, Bitcoin’s brand recognition and trust would still give it a strong edge. Plus, the halving events and limited supply have historically driven up demand. So In essence, Bitcoin’s fundamentals are solid, and it’s still the best bet in crypto

Anyone could make another Bitcoin alternative... But they would have to have some advantage over the current one to make it worthwhile to leave. Also, it really seems to be in anyone's nature to make an open system option... Almost everyone who creates these other options leave themselves in as the master, who can change the options at will. I thought Etherium stood a good chance of being a contender (I had a lot to learn)... But as soon as I heard they were switching from proof of work to proof of stake... I knew they were done.

Yes eventually bitcoin will be replaced like it did to gold or gold did to other forms off money. It’s replacement however will most likely be a completely different unfathomable form

There are a couple books I would recommend reading: Softwar by Jason Paul Lowery and The Bitcoin Standard by Saifedean Ammous.

There's a set of tradeoff balances that I think, without a major breakthrough, makes it hard to meaningfully improve on bitcoin. I think most necessary improvements can be made on second layers, entrenching bitcoin further and making alternatives redundant. And I think overcoming the network effect, nature of proof of work, etc, means you won't need to just build a better bitcoin to beat it, you'll need to make a 10-100x improvement on it like bitcoin was to gold. It's not impossible, but it doesn't seem very probable. And I'm not gonna use worse money while I hold my breath and wait.

Why would AI decide anything but the hardest money (that is the most widely adopted) is the best?

What you’re doing right now is an excellent way to build conviction in an asset. You will figure it out as to why Bitcoin has succeeded so far and will succeed forever. Digital money is just getting started.

It will not affect how many Bitcoin there are, it will affect how many of the NEW coin there are. Other coins will likely become more valuable and also less valuable in the future. It is a supply and demand race.

Bitcoin is the zero to one step. 16 years and nothing has challenged it. This question is like asking why silver or copper can’t overtake gold.

It is like saying, what if a new internet shows up. Does not make much sense.

The internet runs on a network protocol called TCP/IP. Ask ChatGPT if it's the best network protocol for Internet communications and if not, why don't we just move to a better one. The same principle applies. Bitcoin's protocol, which combines the choice of scarce supply and proof-of-work governance, along with actually inventing the decentralized ledger tech in the first place, were all the magic ingredients that made it stick. Like TCP/IP for data transmission, it's the perfect "good enough" for a peer-to-peer value transfer system that can't be fucked with by any entity. There can never again in human history be the invention of decentralized ledgers. There can only be evolutions (and mostly, shittier replicas). And none of them can ever matter enough to abandon the benefits of bitcoin's largest (and hence, most secure) network.

***You can only create digital scarcity once*** Physical things like gold and silver are already naturally scarce. Bitcoin as a tech had to be created, and the act of creating something multiple times (other cryptos) means that crypto itself isn't scarce. So if we were to create another Bitcoin, nobody would pay too much attention anymore because Bitcoin 2.0 would be eventually replaced by Bitcoin 3.0. So even if such upgrades or replacements were to happen, it would have to be fully backwards compatible and preserve the scarcity aspects of Bitcoin, and thus Bitcoin will always be Bitcoin as we know it today, even if it changes over time.

Imagine the best nightclub in the world and the top 10 DJs in the world are the residents. You open a club across the road that looks better and you and your mates are the DJs. You think the crowd is going to stop going to the club just because you made a new one and your friends are playing?. You can copy and paste ideas, you can't copy paste the network effect

I don’t think you can afford to wait another 17 years for a coin to prove itself as an alternative to Bitcoin.

Sometimes it’s not about being better, it’s all about “people are already using it”.

There's no such thing as AI, and there's no possibility that the current fake AI fad could develop something as sophisticated as Bitcoin > if a rival comes along who is to say the value of bitcoin won’t tank with around twice of the supply available There's an altcoin, a nearly exact copy of Bitcoin, with 4 times the fixed supply. It was released in 2011 There's another one, a nearly exact copy of the 2011 altcoin, with unlimited supply The price of Bitcoin isn't important > shouldn’t it be considered some sort of risk? Not a risk. Only a FAQ

THERE IS NO SECOND BEST

BTCZ is better than BTC because it’s a Z-cash spinoff so it has privacy features plus all the hash is mined on GPU so it is environmentally friendly unlike BTC. All BTC will eventually flow into BTCZ and that is how we will pay for everything, using our BTCZ. So please buy BTCZ

The CODE is identical. The TECHNOLOGY is identical. I’m assuming ny “more secure” you mean “has more nodes”, which I would argue is a derivative of it being first to market and having more believers.

What tools do you use to check Bitcoin transaction history before receiving? Seeing more frozen exchange accounts lately due to receiving Bitcoin with high-risk history. How do you avoid accidentally receiving stolen Bitcoin or coins that went through mixers?

Tainting is a myth. Exchanges pay a blockchain spy company for risk rating. The methods they use for flagging risks are secret > frozen exchange accounts lately due to receiving Bitcoin with high-risk history You're guessing that's the reason. It's probably not. They're more likely to be accounts which used an exchange as a wallet and sent gambling withdrawal into the exchange account Mixers no longer exist. CoinJoin P2P mixing is not banned

I dont worry at all as its completely blown out of proportion and people usually only have problems when they directly send btc onchain from an illegal DNM or illegal gambling site to or from a regulated exchange . When they do this than the consequences are either nothing , eventually a warning , they send the btc back to the senders address, or at worst they close your account but still allow you to withdraw More info on this topic we recently discussed

You can use mempool or other block explorers. But I would suggest going a step further and actually using your own node. The guys over at The Bitcoin Way have a great guide on why you should run and verify your transactions with a node. If you do it this way, you can 100% ensure everything is right.

Understanding the mempool to calculate commissions Hello everyone, Lately I have been learning more about bitcoin, right now I am trying to understand how the mempool works to be able to calculate the best time to pay fewer commissions. I have seen the mempool.space page but I don't quite understand it. Does anyone know where I can get information about this? Or if someone dares to explain this in more detail to use it well. Greetings

Take a look at the first block on the left side, the one that is up next. If you want your transaction to be included in this block set a slightly higher fee than the lowest. The fee is displayed in the block like 2~10 sat/VB, so a transaction with a fee higher than 2 sat/VB (lets say 3 sats/VB) should be included in that block. One caveat, if there are bitcoiners that enter a higher fee for their tx than you did before the block is mined you will get pushed back to the second next block.

The mempool is basically a waiting room for unconfirmed transactions, and understanding it can save you serious money on fees. At my firm we handle this exact type of optimization for clients who need to move Bitcoin efficiently. Think of it like this: when you broadcast a transaction, it sits in the mempool until a miner includes it in a block. Miners prioritize transactions with higher fees per byte (sat/vB), so if the mempool is crowded with high-fee transactions, yours might wait hours or days if you lowball the fee. Mempool.space, you can get away with much lower fees, maybe 1-2 sat/vB. If it's packed over 200MB, you're looking at 20+ sat/vB to get confirmed in the next few blocks. The key insight our customers learn is timing. Weekends and late nights UTC tend to have lower mempool congestion. We've built automated fee estimation for clients that checks mempool depth and adjusts accordingly, sometimes saving 80% on transaction costs. For manual estimation, look at the purging fee rate on mempool.space. That's roughly what you need to pay to avoid getting stuck. The next block fee estimate is what you pay for priority inclusion. One thing that trips people up is that fee estimation isn't just about total fee, it's about sat per virtual byte. A complex multi-input transaction needs higher absolute fees than a simple single-input one, even at the same sat/vB rate. The mempool clears cyclically, so patience usually beats overpaying if your transaction isn't time sensitive.

Extensive mempool.space information is available at the FAQ and other links under the "Learn" heading at the footer of the page Fee amounts are not commissions. The fee amount is fee rate per vbyte * vbyte size of transaction Fee amounts are expressed as BTC amounts, or Satoshi amounts. There are 100 million Satoshis in 1 BTC Here is a vbyte size calculator Ask a specific question. It's not clear from your post whether you understand the inputs and outputs of a Bitcoin transaction

Bitcoin to USD Hi, my friend who lives in another country (I live in the US) who wants to send me bitcoin and says I can exchange it for USD at a bitcoin atm. Does anyone know how this works?

Sounds sketch

Yes you can use a bitcoin ATM but the exchange rate is very poor. The ATM will probably pay only around 80% of the market value of the bitcoin you are selling. Better would be to receive it in an exchange account and sell it for dollars there where you will get much closer to market value.

get a Strike account

Do you have a crypto wallet or account on Kraken / Coinbase, etc? If so, he can send it to you and you can cash it out. But the bigger question is how well do you know him and why can't he do it himself?

Sell your Bitcoin on Bisq. There are always buyers looking for a fair price, and too many sellers adding an 8% premium

I would just use a CEX, create an account and have him send to your receiving BTC address and then sell it and send to bank, I’ve never used a BTC atm but I have heard their fees are through the roof

It’s a very poor method as you would be paying extremely high fees. Usually best for illicit funds you’d rather hold in btc over 10 years so that the fee is negligible

It is not that troublesome. You just need to send your wallet address to your friend, and he will send BTC to your wallet. Then you can sell your BTC on the exchange and the money will go to your bank account

How can someone with no experience start investing in Bitcoin? Hey everyone, I’m completely new to the world of cryptocurrency and, honestly, it feels overwhelming. I’ve been hearing about Bitcoin for years, but I never took the step to actually understand how it works or how to start investing. Recently, I’ve been more curious about it, and I want to dip my toes in—but I don’t have any prior experience with trading, investing, or even crypto wallets. So, I figured this subreddit would be the best place to ask. Here are a few things I’ve been wondering about as a beginner: 1. **Where do I even buy Bitcoin safely?** There are so many platforms and apps that advertise crypto buying and trading. Some say exchanges like Coinbase, Binance, or Kraken are good starting points, while others recommend P2P platforms or even Bitcoin ATMs. As someone with zero background, I’d like to know what’s the safest and simplest route for a first-timer. 2. **How much should I invest to start?** I’m aware of the common advice to “only invest what you can afford to lose.” Since Bitcoin is highly volatile, I don’t want to risk a large amount. Would starting with something as small as \$50 or \$100 make sense, or would that be too insignificant to learn anything from? 3. **Do I need a wallet right away?** I’ve seen people mention hot wallets, cold wallets, hardware wallets, and I’ll admit, it’s confusing. Is it fine to keep Bitcoin in an exchange wallet when starting, or should I immediately get something like a Ledger or Trezor? 4. **What about security?** Hacks and scams seem to be a recurring story in crypto news. As a total newbie, what are the essential safety practices I should know before I even buy my first satoshi? 5. **Is it worth learning trading, or just holding?** I’ve noticed two camps: traders who try to profit from short-term price swings and “HODLers” who buy Bitcoin and just hold it for years. As someone new, is it better to just hold and slowly accumulate, or is it worth exploring trading after some time? I don’t want to make quick, emotional decisions. My main goal right now is to learn the basics, start small, and get comfortable with the process. I’m not expecting to get rich overnight—I’d rather build a foundation of knowledge and experience before even thinking about larger investments. So, for those of you who’ve been in the Bitcoin space for a while: * How did you start when you had no idea what you were doing? * What do you wish you knew earlier that could have saved you time, money, or stress? * Are there any beginner-friendly resources (books, podcasts, YouTube channels, or guides) that explain Bitcoin in plain English? Any advice, tips, or warnings would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance for helping a complete beginner take their first steps into this world.

Look for yt channel: BTC Sessions

Start at Strike.me. It’s bitcoin-only and very easy to use. Set a budget for weekly purchases and enter a weekly recurring purchase. It will have no fee after the first week. This is an easy low-risk to way to build up a stack of bitcoin. While it’s building, read and learn about self custody. Once you’re comfortable, get a hardware wallet and send your bitcoin there (using Strike’s free low priority transfers). You don’t need to be in a hurry for this, but it’s something to think about for the long term.

What are you talking about. If you're able to list al these things you'll be fine making your own choices. Go with what your gut tell's you. My advice, DCA weekly/monthly an amount you can "lose" Get a coldwallet for whenever you reach a certain treshold for not feeling comfortable anymore not owning your Bitcoins/keys. Just hold in your case, learn as crypto develops over time. EDIT: Do not awnser PM's!

Read about DCA, dollar cost average. It's the best way to invest in that you dont have to be thinking about the price going up or down.

I was in the same boat when I started, totally overwhelmed. The one thing I wish I learned earlier is that exchanges are great for *buying* Bitcoin, but not for *storing* it. If you’re holding long term, you’ll want to move it to your own cold wallet where you control the keys. For buying, Bitcoin-only places like River, Swan, or Strike are solid. They’re simple, transparent, and focused on Bitcoin. If those aren’t available where you live, Coinbase or Kraken work fine too. Starting with $50–100 a week is perfect. It’s not about the amount, it’s about building the habit. Once you buy, get comfortable with a cold wallet like Coldcard, or Passport and move your coins there. That way you don’t have to rely on an exchange to keep them safe. Biggest tip: never share your recovery phrase, keep it offline, and don’t overthink timing. Just buy a little, store it safely, and let time do the work.

Hey mate! Just wanted to chime in while we have some quick breathing room: Security is definitely one of the things that we (both personally and the company) believe to be the most important so just start the deep dive into that. A good starting point is securing or re-securing all your digital accounts with strong passwords and proper 2FA. Otherwise we'd suggest just starting to sign up and go through the processes. We'd love you at Kraken of course but you can always have accounts with more than one exchange. Learn the UIs, learn more terminology, and maybe do some basic trades/purchases (not financial advice). Knowledge is only half the battle of course! Anyways here is our sign up page if you'd like to test the waters: kraken.com/sign-up Zion 🐙 👊

Based on where you live I’d recommend setting up a Coinbase or Binance account. Monthly investment of $100-200 should be great to start off with. For comparison whatever stocks or ETFs or any other financial instrument you also invest in keep a tab to compare how much are you gaining/losing

I’m sure a lot of people will hate this but the easiest easiest is to open a brokerage account and buy and etf like IBIT. Second easiest is coinbase

Inexperienced and interested to invest in Bitcoin then look into setting up a recurring investment in a Bitcoin ETF. When a bit more experienced and learning more about what Bitcoin is then open an exchange account on one of the major exchanges covering your area and buy.some Bitcoin. Maybe look into trading and learn about market vs limit orders, market spread and the different fees. Then learn about bitcoin wallets and the importance of self-custodial.. Then learn about what makes Bitcoin differen from the traditional fiat money. Go slow. Dont rush immediately to the end. It is important you understand what you are doing and what the risks are.

Here is the best place to start Your five questions are answered thoroughly in that FAQ

I bought $100 of FBTC (Fidelity bitcoin) on a Step account, and sat on that for months, just getting used to the (relatively) drastic ups and downs. I then bought $1000 of FBTC in my IRA. I did this because I could sell at any point without triggering a tax event. Then I bought $5k Bitcoin on Fidelity. This certainly wouldnt work for everyone, but I come from a world of traditional investing, and was very intimidated by crypto wallets, keys, etc etc.

Create an account on Kraken, send $ to Kraken, but $BTC…

1: the options that you’re saying are okay. But if you only want to buy Bitcoin, try Relai, Bittr, Pocket (EU only) or Strike (US) 2: 50 or 100 is good. Just start with what you’re comfortable with while you’re still learning. 3: you don’t need a cold wallet right away, but as you’re starting, try to learn a bit more about the options, and what a cold wallet actually is. When you have on, keep your seedphrase offline, and safe at all times. 4: keep your account data safe, aswell as your seedphrase. Use 2FA if possible. 5: IMHO, just hodl. Don’t subscribe to “trading guru’s” they only want YOUR money. Keep in mind everyone makes mistakes, try to learn from them as you continue to grow.

As a person who lost 5k in BTC couple of years back, I'd say keep away from it.

Dont do it too many scams now , not like it used to be , always stressful in case your going to be scammed , nobody or anything can get it back put your money in a safe place !!!

This cryptocurrency is still the Wild West. Be careful cautious not greedy. Slow and steady.

Buy some every month and sell (some) when you’re retiring.

learn about the 4 year halving cycle, and where we are in it right now. be wary of everyone and every link because it is easy to get scammed. never borrow money to buy crypto, don’t leverage.

Study here...

A dca stategy is what you are looking for. This q was asked tons of times already see this thread for example [

Go mining app. Good product great community so so customer service but under most circumstances, you don’t need them.

Tbh I started on Coinbase because it looked the least intimidating and it’s big on security. Just chucked in £150 to get a feel,def recommend keeping it small while you’re learning. Didn’t bother with a hardware wallet till way later, just used the exchange wallet in the beginning. Might not be pro but was fine for tiny amounts.

Just buy on Coinbase. $10,000 worth. 2FA. Leave it there and start learning about Bitcoin. That's it.

Just Finished Reading "The White Paper". What should I read next? I am brand new to Bitcoin. I just finished reading the White Paper. There was a lot terminology I didn't quite understand. Where can I go to get more clarification? Recommendations on what to read next, thank you?

Great job finishing the White Paper! To give you the best recommendations, it would help to know a bit about your background: ## What's your primary background? - **Technical/Programming?** → Start with "Mastering Bitcoin" (Chapters 1-3) to understand the implementation details behind the concepts in the White Paper - **Economics/Finance?** → "The Bitcoin Standard" will connect Bitcoin to monetary history and economic theory - **General/Non-technical?** → "The Little Bitcoin Book" explains everything in plain language without assuming prior knowledge ## For the terminology you didn't understand: - **If it was cryptographic terms** (hash, merkle tree, digital signatures) → Focus on computer science fundamentals first - **If it was economic terms** (double-spending, trusted third party, incentives) → Start with monetary/banking basics - **If it was both** → Take a structured approach covering money → banking → economics → computer science ## Quick Start Based on Learning Style: - **Visual learner?** → Watch Andreas Antonopoulos's "Bitcoin for Beginners" series on YouTube - **Hands-on learner?** → Set up a Bitcoin testnet node and experiment with transactions - **Reader?** → Follow a structured curriculum that builds concepts progressively **The most important thing:** Don't try to understand everything at once. Bitcoin sits at the intersection of multiple disciplines. Pick the angle that matches your strengths and build from there.

The whitepaper describes the technical details of Bitcoin's consensus mechanism, now known as Nakamoto consensus. If you are interested in understanding this, here is a more approachable place to start: [But how does bitcoin actually work? — 3Blue1Brown on YouTube](

Good for you! I know many people who haven't even read the white paper and are already investing. You're on the right track. Continue down this track, be open to hearing and reading things from people you disagree with, and make your own conclusions. There are so many books, podcasts, theories, blogs, and YouTube videos, both bearish and bullish, that I don't even know what I could recommend for you. I will also keep an eye on this thread for my own records!

Broken Money by Lyn Alden. I actually recommend against the Bitcoin Standard. Only like 10% of that book as anything to say about Bitcoin and the rest is just the opinions of the author with no real point.

Nice work! Try "Mastering Bitcoin" next. Also, browsing forums will help with terms like HODL and DCA.

Gray paper then the black paper

the bitcoin standard or broken money

The Bitcoin Standard.

“The bitcoin standard” by michael saylor is an excellent and informative read. It really helps break things down into digestible content.

Self custody - really the best we have? Pulled my ledger out a couple of weeks ago for the first time in several years. The item (more likely the screen apparently) was totally dead. It cued a moment of panic... "Shit, what now? Oh wait, seed phrase? Where the hell is my seed phrase and what do I do with it? Oh yeah, I remember where half of it is.. ..oh, and there is the other half" Anyway, I ordered a new nano, booted using my seed phrase and all was well again. So, I had kept track of my seed phrase, but frankly, what if I hadn't? That's just *poof* right? All gone? Seems a brutal punishment for what would surely be an easy mistake to make. When I first got into crypto years ago I remember hoping by now that mainstream banks would be offering custodianship of crypto, insuring and taking responsibility for crypto just as they do with fiat, maybe even paying interest lol, but it is 2025 and still no such thing. There is so much I like about crypto, but this weakness is so fundamental that I think I'll always likely be a dabbler rather than all in.

Your seed is your key, your wallet, your funds. The seed is everything. The Nano is just a cheap piece of plastic that signs transactions and holds a backup of your key. Secure accordingly.

Freedom isn’t free. Yea it’s possible to forget/misplace seed phrase. Many have already. That’s how we learn. If you had $10K in cash that was somehow password protected, you should make damn well sure you have the password backed up. Luckily for you, ETFs exist and are a pretty good solution to the problem you’re posing.

Crypto was to get away from the banks loool you want to give them your crypto?

Seedphrase is THE MOST important part.

Crypto doesn't like when you make mistakes

That's why custodial finance is here to stay. For the majority of people, self custody is just too risky The need to be able to contact someone to help you get access again or recover your funds is not something that can be overlooked

You buy a bar of gold and lose it, it’s gone. Self-custody means you are the custodian - it’s not simply no custodian. If you like, you can pay someone with fancy cars and clothes in nice offices to add your coin to their huge stash so they can gamble with it in ways they believe will make enough money for them to pay for all of that overhead. It’s really your choice. If you go with self custody, learn to be a good custodian. And think decades - job changes, relationship changes, kids coming and then growing up and leaving. What happens if you die or become incapacitated.

You can set up multisig on your own or with the help of a company like Bitkey (Block) or Casa. You can make it so a seed can be completely lost or compromised and you're still okay. Even without multisig, it sounds like you could have trivially secured your seed phrase better than you did. You have a range of options to redundantly secure your funds without giving up custody. Kinda the point of self custody is to eliminate counterparties and take control and responsibility for your own funds. If you take custody of a large sum and are then irresponsible and lose it, that's on you. No different than if you took physical custody of your gold. There are absolutely custodians and insurance schemes and stuff available. You don't have to self custody. The fact that you can, though, is a fundamental strength, not weakness.

It's not just "the best we'll have", it's the best we'll *ever* have (at least while we're still human). Think about what self-custody really means. There's no way to have absolute control over your money, without reliance on an intermediary, unless you possess "knowledge" that nobody else has. Obviously, if you then lose that knowledge, you lose your funds. How else could it possibly work?

etfs are an option now for folks who are not confident with self custody

Yeah man, you hit on the dirty secret nobody wants to talk about. At my job we help teams build out crypto and decentralized systems, and the seed phrase thing is honestly barbaric from a UX perspective. One mistake and decades of wealth just vanishes forever. The good news is there are actually better solutions now, they're just not mainstream yet. We've implemented multi-sig setups for clients where you need 2 of 3 keys to move funds. One on your hardware wallet, one on your phone, one with a trusted service like Casa or Unchained Capital. Lose any single piece and you're still fine. Shamir secret sharing is another approach where your seed gets split into multiple shares and you only need a threshold to recover. We built a system for one client where they split their seed 5 ways and needed any 3 pieces to reconstruct it. Way more forgiving than the traditional approach. Social recovery is getting traction too. Argent wallet pioneered this where your trusted contacts can help you recover access. Not perfect but beats losing everything to a house fire. On the institutional side, there actually are some decent custody options now. Coinbase Custody, BitGo, Fireblocks all offer insurance and proper key management for larger amounts. The insurance coverage is real, not just marketing bullshit. But minimum account sizes are usually six figures. Traditional banks are finally starting to move. BNY Mellon, State Street, and a few others launched crypto custody services, but they're targeting institutional clients first. Consumer products are probably still 2-3 years out. The reality is most of our clients end up with hybrid approaches. Hot wallet for daily spending, multi-sig for medium amounts, and institutional custody for serious money. Pure self-custody is great in theory but the failure modes are brutal.

I was in the same boat a few weeks ago. Buy a titanium plate and stamping kit on Amazon. Stamp your seed phrase. I feel a lot more secure now.

I have my seed phrase in a safe deposit box. Should I have it stashed somewhere else as well? I fear having too many copies lying around defeats the purpose, but I also don't want my kids to be clawing at the dirt looking for it after I'm gone.

Surely exchanges play the role of banks in crypto. They're just not as well regulated and backed up as banks generally are. Though what's the guarantee on bank savings? $100k or so? If your bank fails and you have more than that you lose it. If guess in time the exchanges will become more airtight. In the meantime to be sure self custody and seed phrase is the digital equivalent of cash under the mattress.

Any half way decent wallet (and Ledger too, I'm certain) informs you in a very obvious way, that you absolutely must not lose your seed words, and to carefully backup them somewhere where they won't be lost or stolen. I am certain that you were informed in the same way. It's totally your own fault if you skipped over those warnings and didn't heed them properly. If you want a life full of training wheels and guard rails, Bitcoin just isn't for you.

Ahem… the whole point of Bitcoin is decentralisation? And you want banks to manage your crypto? It’s really NOT that hard to keep 12-24 words safe.

There are custodial seed phrase backup solutions, for example Ledger Recovery.

Ledger was your first mistake. I’ve had two screens croak. Try using your phone camera to read a really faint image on that screen. It works better than your eyes. I moved to ColdCard and it’s worked more reliably.

Check out Ballet crypto card cold wallet.

Yeah, it's supposed to be difficult Money is a responsibility More money is more responsibility More money, more problems, it has been said.... You don't like it, keep it all.on the exchange. Much easier 😂

This is why your seed is like the Bible. You don’t loose track of that shit no matter what! And you have multiple back ups of it. Unless you want to be one of those stories

Bitcoin is a digital equivalent of cash banknotes. If you don't care about leaving your cash banknotes all over the garden and all over the street, you won't care about looking after your seed phrase. Give all your loyalty to your friendly bank. Sleep soundly at night

> "Shit, what now? Oh wait, seed phrase? Where the hell is my seed phrase and what do I do with it? Oh yeah, I remember where half of it is.. ..oh, and there is the other half" That, right there? That tells us you probably shouldn't be doing self custody. Owning Bitcoin means being your own bank. Your security is your job. That's not a flaw of Bitcoin. It is Bitcoin's greatest strength.

Ain't no fix for stupid

Frankly, you should skip ledger and go for an air-gapped wallet right away. This way you can truly entrust, that there is no third party access. There are great creators and services out there such as The Bitcoin Way, BTC Sessions, or Bram Kanstein who educate about the matter.

You can use services like [Casa.io]( to have more peace of mind.

well, the seed is the only thing you need to keep in mind. Having btc is like having gold in your home. If you don't secure it properly and someone steals it or you lose it, you are done. There is not much else.

Good reminder and thoughts.

Crypto? What is crypto? I thought this was about Bitcoin.

Where and how to buy Bitcoin fast? So I started with Coinbase and now I’m about to move all of it on my ledger, just to feel safer honestly. Now I wonder how you guys buy Bitcoin? Since my Bank account seems to always think I’m getting scammed and it takes at least a day for me to finally get the payments through. I could buy more with Coinbase again but ths price difference seems way higher than with other methods. Maybe you guys have better methods to share. Since I’m fairly new to Bitcoin investing

River, strike are my favorites

You're not using Coinbase advanced are you? Switch to advanced, make Limit orders as Maker only and the fees are nothing

Your question is really how to convince the bank that you are safely and legitimately investing recurring in Bitcoin without them flagging you for suspicious activity each time. And the answer is to discuss with your bank. Or find another bank that is more understanding with what you are doing if your current bank have issues with it. Jumping between different exchanges or other platforms will only make your bank flag you as even more suspicious. My bank accepts crypto but has some strict guidelines on what kind of activities they deem acceptable. In short only trades via recognized CEX platforms, and that there is a valid paper trail both on fiat and crypto assets used in the trades. And the CEX also require valid paper trail on your assets, especially on any crypto you deposit to the platform. The system is set up in such manner that the CEX partly trusts the bank to handle AML on fiat, and the bank partly trusts the CEX to handle AML on crypto.

Strike! Strike and Trezor= Killer Combo

Strike is my favorite but only if I don’t mind waiting a few days to send 1k or better

Ledger isn’t a great option, especially if you’re bitcoin-only. Check the FAQ for better choices. You can try a P2P option for buying. See if there’s some on [kycnot dot me] that works for you.

Coinbase is the easiest and most trusted crypto currency exchange to on/off ramp Bitcoin and Crypto.

You can also use eToro if you want to buy really fast

Revolut X app. Free swap.

Link to PayPal. I get almost instant withdrawals and deposits!! Edit: Also using Coinbase advanced.

Good move getting a hardware wallet! Based on your situation, here are better ways to buy Bitcoin: Option 1: Bitcoin ETF (Simplest for Investment) Since you mention "Bitcoin investing," consider Bitcoin ETFs first - they solve your exact problems: Why ETF might be better for you: * No bank blocking issues (it's just buying stocks) * Instant purchases during market hours * Lower fees than Coinbase (\~0.2-0.75% expense ratio) * No withdrawal/network fees * Simpler taxes (1099 form) * Can hold in retirement accounts (IRA/401k) Option 2: Crypto Exchanges (For Actual Bitcoin) If you want to actually own Bitcoin (self-custody on your Ledger): Lower Fee Exchanges: * Kraken (0.26% fees) - Much cheaper than Coinbase * Coinbase Advanced Trade (0.6%) - Same account, 70% cheaper * Strike - Great for recurring purchases

cyrpto.com。 OKX

Are you Australian ?

I was pretty frustrated with the spread on Robinhood. I'm pretty happy with strike so far. I decided to do daily dca, after a week there's no fees on that. The spread is negligible. Wish I figured it out sooner, the fees and spread add up after a while!

I use Coinbase. What sort of price difference are you seeing?

Strike is my no fee routine for my daily dca

Bullbitcoin?

Gemini credit card Anyone have advice on the credit card??? A lot of you are in crypto but don’t get the card is there a reason you haven’t applied? It seems like a good deal on paper

Carrying a running balance with ~29% interest rate outweighs any benefits - by a factor of 10. Yeah it's cool on paper. But if getting this credit card encourages you to spend more on everyday items then that is money you could have directly invested. Credit cards and usury are bad for probably 80% of people.

I’ve had it since 2022 and it’s been great. $1600 in rewards now worth over $4600.

I had the BlockFi card - just remember, if Gemini gets into any issues, whatever's still on the exchange when that happens might be inaccessible to you

My favorite card to use and I try to use it for all purchases.

It’s great with the $200 bonus. 4% back on gas. I have already gotten like $350 back in a few months using it for everything.

Multiple things to keep in mind. Do I use it? Yes, if you ever pay interest though, it’s not worth it. The only caution I give people that use credit cards for cash back is, if you get interest charged on you for let’s say 1 month out of the year, it could negate all cash back you earned for the year. So always pay the balance. 2nd thing is, people tend to spend money more freely when it isn’t their own, so just be cautious. If you are weary of both, it’s a fantastic option!

It is my gas and restaurant card.

I have it. I just make sure I periodically either sell or transfer the rewards to my wallet. And like all reward cards don’t carry a balance and get hit with interest.

It's just a credit card, so treat it as such. My balance gets paid off monthly, therefore I only spend what I can afford. My only gripe is that if you pay the balance early, the amount available to you doesn't change till the actual due date has passed.

It's just fine if you use it for all the same things that you would normally use a card for. Just don't fall into the age-old trap of buying more with your card just to get "more points/bonus/miles/BTC". A lot of it really just goes right back to, "Stop buying crap you don't need."

how does bitcoin solve the "whale problem"? idk, just random question from my brain, like some people buy btc because they don't believe in fiat. "btc is decentralized" or sth, but it is logically to think that many large rich powerful group of people had already stored btc since it had become a thing, and they possess majority number of btc. So I think my question is: Is Bitcoin at risk of becoming centralized if a small number of whales own most of the supply? if yes then it is not that "decentralized" I think. p.s: sorry if my question is violated any rules, i just want to ask it so bad. p.s2: sorry for my english, I am not from English native country

Decentralisation is about consensus rules not ownership

1) Your concern has more to do with Proof of Stake altcoins and not Bitcoin . Proof of stake game theory insures that those with the most coins will continue to collect the most fees , thus creating a vicious cycle of centralization where they continue to accrue more coins with 0 effort unlike with Proof of work where a meritocracy exists of those trying to be more efficient and miners are forced to sell most of their coins 2) The Game theory of Bitcoin and the way the enforcement of the consensus rules works in the code insures that whales or a majority of the miners hashrate cannot change or remove any consensus rules we enforce on the network and an intolerant principled minority can resist these changes. This is not hypothetical either and has already been tested in the 2016-17 Scaling wars. 3) The general trend is for greater distribution of the supply as older earlier adopters spend or sell their bitcoin to new people 4) Its impossible for any government or corporation to corner the market because the more they buy the quicker the price goes up creating a feedback loop of other buyers . Additionally, many people like myself are long term holders and we will not sell a large portion of our bitcoin regardless of the price. 5) Whales can create bear traps and bull traps but this will only negatively effect you if you are a day trader. Do not day trade !

Wait until you find out about fiat… Bitcoin is decentralized because it operates on the blockchain and new coins are mined through a mathematical process. Fiat is centralized because it operates via private bankers and new money is printed to facilitate war, expansion, etc.

Many have answered what centralization means but more importantly Bitcoin is finite so that means unlike how wealth is massed today where the politically connected benefit from money printing - infinite fiat, Bitcoin must be earned or stolen from (which is much harder than just printed)

its not about ownership.

Bitcoin is decentralized in its node network. It is not designed to monitor or control how much any person owns

More importantly how do whales solve the bitcoin problem? They need to do something other than swimming around , being massive and making mad noises.

why do you think decentralization has anything to do with ownership?

It's really the miners that matter with Bitcoin, not the holders.

There absolutely can be some people that have a lot and have more “power”, the goal isn’t really to eliminate that. If that happens that also has nothing to do with decentralized vs centralized.

Wouldn't retail btc owners have more leverage now becsuse to get btc you need to buy from whales or an already miniscule portion of btc

Yes, a few wallets hold a lot, but most of those are exchanges holding BTC for millions of users.

It could arguably be beneficial if it was being used as a currency. The whales could assist in stabilising the economy by easing or contracting money supply.

All the more reason to keep staking sats and hold on for the long haul

I don't think it does at all

In the long run, ownership will likely follow a Pareto distribution: 20% of wallets will control 80% of the supply.

Yes that would surely open the stage for manipulation but that doesn't mean that the whales can control the very fundamentals of blockchain and change it according to their wish. The maximum that they would be able to do would be to manipulate by dumping and hoarding but that won't be equivalent to centralisation Also, as the market grows, more and more big players with colliding interests will enter the market and that will eventually minimise the possibility of manipulation as well

From my understanding, one whale alone caused the recent dip of a few thousand So no, I don’t think it’s very decentralized now

Is this a scam? Two people have spoken to me, telling me that they are going to send me BTC if I verify my Bitcoin Wallet on some websites, where they ask me for my Seed phrase, what do I do? EDIT: Thanks to everyone for helping <3

Absolutely a scam. Never give anyone your seed phrase

Do strangers on the internet normally want to send you free money? cmon

i worry for people who get into crypto, and dont know the absolute most basic thing, that everyone, every wallet tells them.

Dude. Someone is asking for your Secret Phrase. SECRET. What do you think. Would you give me the password to your Bank Account if I tell you I'll send you money?

Well done community! And well done OP for coming here

It's a scam. Don't do it

100% a scam if they want to give you some btc all you need to give them is your btc address (starting with bc1..) or your lightning invoice. Nothing more.

Ignore them completely.

The seed phrase is off bounds to anyone other than you!! They will take everything you have and then gaslight you. Please do not give anyone your seed phrase, not the manufacturer, not the call centre, not bob, tom or harry!! Just stay away from DMS and ask questions in the forums

Scam never share your seed phrase with anyone

Yes, it's a scam. Block those people.

scammers, ignore

That’s a 100% scam

1000000% scam

Do you all ever see those videos where people cannot name 2 countries in North America?

With the exception of the executor of your last will, nobody should ever have your seed phrase.

Give them a wrong seed phrase and see what happens

That’s like someone asking you for your SS# and your pets name or the street you grew up on 🤦‍♂️

No free lunch, doesn't exist.

Consider someone is going to send you some money if you verify your bank account online. The website asks for your account and password. Would you enter your password?

Send them this🖕🏻

Never ever share your seed phrase. And always store it offline.

Leave that group as soon as possible. Don’t interact with them anymore.

Scam af Never give out your seed phrase Why is this even a question Send me your seed so I can make sure you didnt get hacked 🤣

Why did I lose all my bitcoin when I bought it with moonpay to be deposited to my exodus wallet Exactly as the title states. I lost over $350 of bitcoin because of a “cpfp” fee but it doesnt make sense. Can someone please break down why an average person buying bitcoin with moonpay can just lose all their money simply to a fee with no way of getting it back?

You seem to be making many mistakes 1) Exodus is one of the worst wallets to use: complicated UX because supports many scams , large attack surface , closed source and not properly peer reviewed This means that at best you have a wallet that is slightly better than using a custodian because you have access to the private keys that you could restore your coins in a separate wallet if their full nodes that support this light client is offline but there might be privacy leaks or exploits and backdoors that allow them or outsiders to steal your coins. What is the point in using cryptocurrency if you ultimately need to have faith in a single company or developer ? This undermines many of the security assumptions of cryptocurrencies. Better wallets in the pinned FAQ Also hopefully you are not making the mistake of using exodus in windows or osx without a hardware wallet as those are insecure environments . If you can't afford a HW wallet just use a open source non custodial wallet in ios or android instead 2) Never , ever buy bitcoin from within an exchange integrated within a wallet like moonpay because they overcharge(they have to bribe the wallet like exodus after all) and they have horrible support use a regular exchange (read the pinned FAQ !) and than withdraw to your private wallet . If you are withdrawing onchain wait till you have at least 500-1000 usd in BTC to withdraw. ------------------- All this being said , I doubt you lost 350 usd by these mistakes . Many new users get confused between the withdraw fee and the fee the exchange (sender) pays to process a batch transaction when they look at the transaction details on the public blockchain. In bitcoin the sender (NOT YOU when withdrawing) pays the tx fees and they often batch the tx (1 tx = many withdrawals ) so pay a higher fee. What you paid as a withdraw fee doesn't have anything to do with this. We need more info to properly answer your question if you still need clarification like 1) how much did you buy and how much btc in btc terms is sitting in your wallet now ? 2) is this simply a purchase from moonpay and withdrawal to exodus or did you send btc yourself after this fact ?

Could you describe exactly what you did?

Moonpay usually takes a cut, but losing everything doesn't sound normal. Could be that Exodus tried a child-pays-for-parent and the math went wrong

Probably spread/fees

How to buy crypto in Germany? I’m pretty new to this and recently started investing with Trade Republic/Scalable Capital, but I noticed they only offer crypto via ETPs, which aren’t tax-free. I’m wondering if I should switch my funds to a safer platform to invest directly in crypto. Any suggestions?

I use Binance and I'm very happy with it. With sepa you only pay a €0.50 fee to deposit Fiat to your account.

If you plan on buying BTC daily, I would suggest using Strike. It's a bitcoin only app that let you buy BTC daily without fee (after the first 7 purchases), no deposit fee, you can even withdraw BTC on chain to your wallet for 0 fee (Starting from 75€ ish worth of BTC but have to wait 24h). The only bad part about it is lump sum.

Honestly, the easiest way is still Binance or Coinbase. They're both available in Germany and let you actually own the crypto instead of ETPs

Bitcoin . De

Crypto on Trade Republic has real crypto, not ETP. But a very high spread so you'll be paying more. Also you cant transfer your coins out.

i use REVOLUT

Kraken or Binance!

Never use trade Republic for crypto, the spreads are crazy high. I used binance and kraken both are fine (I think binance a little cheaper)

Buy through Moonpay , if you need any help i will guide you

Valid Entropy and Valid Seed (using Ian Coleman Tool) Hi I've been arguing with an AI about an important topic To make it short Suppose I have this entropy in hexadecimal b8cb29150b5dc70fd806a307c5fd35ca6e22263c384a8725f476e2c044bbc339 In Ian Coleman's tool, I can chose in the "show entropy details" section, EITHER Mnemonic Length : USE RAW ENTROPY (3 words per 32 bits) showing this result : rhythm flock earn birth symbol margin gas stamp amazing copper estate network timber basic valley announce mango cook buffalo sheriff affair fuel artefact cluster OR 24 WORDS length with another result : police retreat tortoise sunny midnight clutch easily evidence powder daring injury render love combine left cluster digital scout color multiply decorate crisp link brick. Both SEEDS work and are valid and tested by me in Ian Coleman's tool, bitcoin Seedtool, Electrum and Sparrow. AI claims RAW 3 words per 32 bits are not cross compatible with other wallets ....and won't be accepted as the algorithms are totally differents : the first one use raw bits and the second one international standarts. However I can sign with the 32 bits raw SEED phrase bc1q5vyl6pf0727y5ck0kjg83wtj43tpvk7tnea6l7 with message test and signature verified Jx+IPKd6hP1fGni3j+IeDMzPrCZJ9k07XjpU6jidKzSpWtVNZ3YsTKcPqxkrMJh0xtkoIIZYfulQMSlrHYMLeMc= Thoughts ??

The tool is a bit unclear in this step, and description seems misleading. To my best understanding raw is 11 bits per word as per bip39, not 3 words per 32 bit. And the n-word variants seems to be using PBKDF2 extended entropy truncated to the selected number of words. All variants produce valid mnemonics, but the path from entropy to mnemonic differs. Just stick to the default raw entropy method. I see no value in the other. They just risks fooling you into thinking there is more entropy than there is, perfect for a scam wallet.

Fake AI is wrong, always

How to buy crypto in Easter Europe? Hello everybody! I am pretty new to this, and I am not sure what would be the best way to buy crypto in Eastern Europe (outside the EU basically). Our banks here don't support crypto, and we don't have access to online banks such as Wise or Revolut. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

Are well-known exchanges like Kraken and Bitpanda available in your country?

[Countries supported for verification – Bitpanda Helpdesk](

Most wallet use bank cards to buy crypto for you And sometimes p2p(person 2 person) it actually depends on your country and which region you are in

Im from ee aswell i managed to sign up on binance kraken and strike im stillnot sure which of those i should pursue for lowest fees and without monthly subscriptions

What phone do you have android or Apple just type in crypto exchange see what comes up in you’re country top one usually the best my friend

regulations are specific per country and not regions so you will need to ask about your country for us to answer you specifically , otherwise we will be guessing

Binance, bybit, okx? Or do work that gets paid in crypto…

Peer 2 peer via binance works well in Eastern Europe

Is there an Easter discount? 🐣

Use the P2P options. Qvani works fine and has flexible local payment options.

I think bitstamp is Bulgarian no?

Bitcoin blog ideas ... Hello! I'm thinking in starting a blog/newsletter about Bitcoin. I want to ask you what kind of content would you like to see there? Thanks for the input!

Use bitcoin and tell us about your experiences. What more is there to say?

Bitcoin Que tal amigos yo recuerdo que en el pasado recibí como regalo varios Bitcoin alguien puede ayudarme a recuperarlos

¿Qué tienes? ¿Una clave de respaldo, un archivo de respaldo? ¿El nombre de un sitio web?

what is the best way to gift bitcoin? traditionally i gift 1g gold for special occasions to friends and family, but was thinking about the best way to gift bitcoin ideally in a gift card format? uk based if that changes anything. thanks

Load it onto a Satscard. They even have multiple designs to choose from.

Also prepare a folder with what they need to know about owning Bjtcoon in the UK.

Opendimes are pretty cool lookin'.

Just gift gold, our friends and family’s just going to sell btc on the next chance they get smh

Ask the recipient to set up a personal Bitcoin wallet, learn how to use it and tell you the receiving address Send the gift to that address

Pza.cc legit? Hi guys, somebody messaged me and gave me this site pza.cc with their account info. I go to the site and it says Mirror. I logged in and it’s crypto with a lot of money in the account. Does anyone know if this site/platform is legit?

It’s a scam site don’t fall for that cheap scam

BTCFi from Bifrost – next big thing or just another DeFi buzzword? Lately I’ve been seeing more talk around *BTCFi* from Bifrost, and it got me curious. The pitch is basically: * lock up BTC as collateral * mint BTC-backed stable/derivative tokens * use those tokens in DeFi or trading for yield + liquidity On paper, it sounds like a way to put idle BTC to work. But part of me wonders: doesn’t this clash with the whole *“don’t touch your Bitcoin”* ethos? We’ve seen similar hype cycles before (LSTs, LSDfi, etc.) where things started hot but struggled with long-term adoption. BTCFi could be different though, especially if institutions actually start using BTC as collateral at scale. That would be a whole new ballgame. What do you all think? * Could BTCFi actually become a major trend in crypto? * Or is it just DeFi buzz wrapped in a shiny new label? * And specifically, do projects like Bifrost have a real shot at making this stick? Curious to hear if I’m being too optimistic or if there’s something real here.

Its not using BTC. Its using various Wrapped versions from across evm networks. Support for native BTC is "coming" but there is no way native support would be regulatory compliant. There is a reason they are using WBTC... they dont have to KYC while WBTC does. In the end its using a volatile asset to peg a stablecoin.

btcdefi is growing, check bitcoindefi.dev

Ethereum’s Strategice Importance of Decentralized Stablecoins Strategic Importance of Decentralized Stablecoins Hi everyone, A joint article by Curve, AAVE, Liquity, and Protocol f(x) has been written about the threat that centralized stablecoins pose to Ethereum’s security, and how decentralized stables can actually solve this problem and strengthen Ethereum’s security. Would love for folks to take a read and let me know your thoughts. Would really like to have some deeper conversations about this subject, especially with folks intimately involved with the Ethereum Foundation. Thanks, Kmets f(x) Protocol Core Contributor

Makes a lot of sense to me. I also worry about potential leverage centralized stablecoin issuers could exercise over Ethereum, like if there was a contentious hard fork.

Getting deep into DeFi Title should be "deepER" into DeFi. Not trying to get too deep here. Lol! Looking for advice and recommendations for the next step of my DeFi journey. I've been feeling out the basics of DeFi for several months on the Hedera network because it's so cheap that it makes very small test amounts practical and the cost to close bad positions or mistakes is about a dozen cents. That being said, the ecosystem and options available are pretty limited. I'm ready to move to a bigger chain. My question is where? I know Ethereum is an obvious one, but I've also heard good things about DeFi on Avalanche and Algorand. I hold the tokens for all three. Regarding Ethereum, I'm concerned about gas fees relative to what I'll be putting in, because I'm still dealing with small amounts. However, I'm ignorant of a lot of the DeFi L2s and their ins and outs. I like the cost and speed of Avalanche and Algorand, but I'm not sure if their DeFi options are as robust as what has been built on Ethereum. Insight here would be appreciated. Regarding those options, I'm not looking for anything too exotic. I'll mostly be participating in CLMMs and stable coins lending. I also want to start getting familiar with DeFi borrowing. The biggest thing I am looking for right now is more/better LP pairs for CLMMs and good stable coins lending. Borrowing is more for education than part of my current strategy. Over time, this is part of a plan to eventually go bankless or mostly bankless. Right now, I'm trying to build out a barbell strategy, putting liquidity on chain and getting yield from it, in addition to my investing/hodling bags. So basically: reliable, low cost, and better yield than tradfi. Thanks.

Real DeFi is only on Ethereum and L2's. Just check out the TVL, volume, etc,of the all the DeFi protocols on Defillama and you will see if you really want to dive deep into DeFi you need to use the Ethereum ecosystem. Just my 2 gwei.

Money moves to where liquidity and incentives are. That's why ethereum despite being slow and expensive is so dominant while algorand which is cheap and fast has no users. For stables, ethereum is worth it once you have mid to high 5 figures. If you want to leverage up on stables for example, it'll cost you a few dollars to get in and out and you'll be borrowing quarter to half a million so you want to ensure enough liquidity to do so. Avalanche is great rn. There's incentives on lots of lending platforms like euler, silo, etc. You can lend USDC and receive 12% returns. Easy in-out, no leverage, no slippage, no fees. Pharaoh and Blackhole CLP providing is decent but lots of management needed to stay in range and calculate fees/slippage/impact during rebalances.

What exactly do you do in Challenge? I would rather advise you to go to the BC of hyperliquide, there are plenty of protocols at Farmer in neutral or classic delta and with a points system for the season 2 airdrop.

Jupiter Lend on solana just launched and its seems promising

Eth and Eth L2s like Base but what's your goal, that's a better question to ask first

Warning - beware of fake requests of advices Hi, Recently I noticed more and more posts like "How can I swap X for Y?" "Best site to swap BTC for USDT"? It sounds like a naive question, with plenty of people answering some legit websites, some less legit websites. One of the answer can be part of the same guy asking the question, to promote a fake website. Also, the OP can claim he found the best website (often against the most legit upvoted website) and giving us the holy website link. Finally, check the history of the users. If they spent 1 month reposting karma-farming on popular subreddit with cut kittens or pandas, and suddenly have big activity in crypto-related subreddits. Don't fall in the trap guys! Stay safe. [ [ [

Can a woman be a good trader? I stumbled on TokenJungle earlier and it looks kinda neat if you’re into launching tokens on Solana. Looks like an all-in-one toolkit. What really caught my attention though is the “growth” side of it. They’ve got things like volume boosts, rank boosts, holder boosts, and even pump. fun bumps — basically tools to help a token look more alive and climb rankings faster. There’s also a smart sell option so your chart doesn’t just flatline after launch, which is honestly kind of clever. The 2% cashback on every tool you use, and a referral setup where you get 20% which I feel is like a lifeline to those who lost their bags during these trumpcertain times (aka me). Just wondering if anyone here has actually tried it and can share how smooth it is in practice?

Spam, as is your comment on r/Daytrading

Why the Venus protocol only have tokens with value on core pool and not on isolated pools. I am wondering why when I supply slisBNB or anything on isolated pool for the Venus protocol, I get some random token that shows no value instead of an actual crypto token + when I try to add vslisBNB display to wallet, the button doesn't work. I feel like I am being pushed away from this feature due to the insane risk I were feeling. I will consider supplying slisBNB onto the Venus protocol once there is the actual token instead of a generic placeholder but for now, its too risky.

What you get when you deposit a token on a lending market is the "receipt token", it's the proof that you've deposited a specific asset on a lending market. Every lending market will take your deposited token and send you a "receipt token". If you somehow send this receipt token to someone else, he is the one who now controls your deposited assets. So don't do it. I'm not 100% sure I understand your question about vslisBNB, but it looks like you're trying to add vslisBNB as collateral. You can't. You've already added your slisBNB as collateral. Regardless, why are you trying to add slisBNB on Venus? The lending APR is below 1%, so useless, and probably not worth the extra smart contract risk. Are you trying to loop or do you get extra points?

Building a Community of the Smartest in Crypto Currently building a community of the smartest memmecoin traders. I been in crypto since 2017. I made alot of money, I also lost alot of money. Im extremely good at spotting narratives early in bear markets amd accumulation phases to get rich in bull runs. If anyone else has a skill, dm me because Im building a group of the smartest people in crypto. If you want to join dm me.

Self-custody is empowering, but is it truly fail-proof? Would love to hear others’ strategies… **I’ve been in DeFi since 2020, and like many of you, I’ve always believed in** ***not your keys, not your crypto***. But the recent wave of private key thefts, sim swaps, and even people losing crypto due to device failure or human error got me thinking: **Is traditional self-custody still enough in 2025?** Are we being overconfident in our ability to protect access ourselves, especially with large portfolios or BTC holdings? I recently came across some research-backed protocols experimenting with **dual-key recovery models** — kind of like a middle ground between cold storage and trusted 3rd-party insurance. **Curious if anyone has tried stuff like:** * ***Any Hybrid Custody model that doesn’t depend on a single point of failure?*** * Shared multi-sig vaults with offline guardians? * Decentralized “recovery agents” or networks? Would love to hear how the community is approaching this — especially now that DeFi hacks feel like an everyday headline. **What are** ***your*** **backup strategies beyond hardware wallets and seed phrase steel plates?**

DeFi is the best we have right now so that I can sleep at night. It is terrifying to think that losing your seed phrase (or not sharing it with a trusted party), means it could die with you...

What is the best platform to buy tockenized stock using crypto? I always wants to invest in usa or chinese stocks. But as I live in a third world country, I dont find any good option. And invest in foreign market need a lots of paper work. Also I'm a student so I dont have lots of money! So I want to buy some tockenized stock. Not to get rich quickly. Just wants the thrill that market gives and beat the inflation. So is bybit a safe option for that? Or you recommend any other platform? Thanksss!

xStocks on Solana, can buy off jup.ag - not a huge selection yet, but u can get the big ones like Tsla, Nvda, Google, Coin etc.

I think Kinto does something like this, but given their shady track record since launch, I wouldn't recommend. You may however dyor on it and see if it's a good fit. I think that we may see sth like this on Vaulta soon given the fact the project now functions as operating system for web2 and financial institutions to connect, bridge to and use crypto & the blockchain.

A few years ago, tokenized stocks of major tech companies were available, but they’ve all been shut down due to SEC regulations.

Why so you want to buy with crypto rather than opening a brokerage account and buying shares through a tradfi stock market? I can't think of any first mover advantage here, just lots of extra risk for no additional reward.

While I can't speak on the best platform for tokenized stocks, the idea of owning productive on-chain assets is definitely the future. You might find the concept of tokenized data interesting, as it follows a similar principle of owning intellectual property (IP). Projects like Ocean Protocol are pioneering this with Data NFTs. Each NFT represents the copyright and ownership of a data asset on the blockchain, like a smart deed for your data. This allows creators to manage and receive revenue from their data through licensing, turning it into a productive asset, much like a stock. It's a native Web3 approach to owning valuable IP.

I work in crypto, and so far I haven’t faced any issues. You can make good profit if you work properly

On the Solana network you can find some tokens; this token list is verified. [

I want to invest

Crisis-Resilient Composite Token (CRCT) – interesting idea from a recent research paper, what do you think? Hey folks, I was going through SSRN and found a paper that got posted in the **Cryptocurrency Research eJournal (CMBO)**. It talks about something called a **Crisis-Resilient Composite Token (CRCT)**. Here’s the link if you want to check it out: 👉 Exploring a New Paradigm for Shock-Resistant Cryptocurrencies: The Crisis-Resilient Composite Token (CRCT). The goal is to make a token that holds up better during crashes. The author does mention a bunch of **limitations and challenges** (like costs, governance, oracles, etc.), so it’s not some “magic fix.” But I thought it was an interesting direction—kind of merging traditional portfolio theory with token design. What do you all think? * Is this something that could actually work in practice, or just nice on paper? * How big of a deal would things like transaction costs, oracles, and smart contract complexity be if someone tried building this? * Do you think a token like this would actually survive a big crypto crash? Would love to hear opinions, especially from anyone who’s worked on DeFi or asset-backed tokens.

Stable coin?

It's a cool concept. If it could be done. A truly crisis resistant coin. One of the majors probably would have built it.

Launchpad platform on solana for sale fully functional launchpad platform for sale including its social media account on x.com with 5.2k followers. hi, i am the dev who created gemhunt.fun , due to some financial issues i am unable to initiate marketing for the platform. if anyone intrested in taking over the business , i am happy to do so. i will be providing 2 months free support on technical side. if u need any modifications to the code i can do it for you for free within the mentioned 2 months. website : gemhunt.fun x.com : gemhunt_fun asking price : 30 SOL im open for negotiation . contact me on tg @solapriv

Defi On Aptos: Key Protocols To Know For anyone curious about how DeFi on Aptos is shaping up, here’s a tour of the main protocols. I thought it'd be helpful to break down some of the key players shaping the space. Echelon - Lending/Borrowing Echelon is pretty much the core lending layer on Aptos. It holds over $200M in deposits and is where a lot of capital coordination happens. You can use standard stuff like USDC and USDT, but it also supports yield-bearing assets and LP tokens as collateral. This allows for some complex strategies, like looping sUSDe to borrow USDC, with some users seeing yields around 25%. They use isolated markets, which means they can add riskier assets like memecoins without messing with the main pools. It's a good example of how Move's safety features allow for more advanced risk management. Aave - Lending/Borrowing This was a huge deal for Aptos. Aave deploying on the network was its first expansion outside of EVM chains. The team rewrote Aave v3.3 completely in Move language, which is a massive undertaking. At launch, it supports native USDC, USDT, APT, and sUSDe, with conservative caps that will likely grow. This is a big step for bringing more institutional-grade DeFi to Aptos. Amnis Finance - Liquid Staking Amnis is the dominant liquid staking protocol on Aptos, with about 59% of the market and over 34 million APT staked. It has a dual-token model (stAPT and amAPT) that gives users different options for liquidity and yield. The APR is around 8%, which is pretty competitive, and you stay liquid. Its real strength is how well it integrates with the rest of Aptos DeFi. Amnis tokens are accepted as collateral pretty much everywhere, so you can use them in all sorts of yield-farming strategies while still earning staking rewards. Echo Protocol - BTC Liquidity & Restaking Echo has become the main hub for Bitcoin DeFi on Aptos, handling about 70% of the BTC bridged to the network. Their main product, aBTC, is a liquid version of Bitcoin that you can use for yield farming. With almost $250M in aBTC, it's the largest protocol on Aptos. They also have a restaking product called eAPT, which lets other projects use Aptos for security while users get better yields. It's the main gateway for Bitcoin holders who want to get into Aptos DeFi. Aries Markets - Comprehensive Lending Aries is one of the biggest lending protocols on any blockchain, not just Aptos. It's number two on Aptos with over $145M in TVL. It started as a simple lending platform but now it's a full DeFi hub with lending, margin trading, and swapping all in one place. They have an "efficiency mode" that lets you borrow up to 90% LTV, which is great for capital efficiency. They've been around since 2022 and have over 738K users, so they're a well-established player. Hyperion - DEX & Aggregation Hyperion is the top AMM and DEX aggregator on Aptos with over $87M in TVL. It's grown incredibly fast since launching in February 2025, with volume growing 29x in one quarter to $5.4 billion. It uses Aptos' parallel execution engine to offer fast trades with low slippage. It combines concentrated liquidity with an upcoming orderbook system planned for Q4 2025, so it will work for both regular users and pro traders. Hyperion has its own token, RION, which is used for utility while XRION serves as the governance token. Thala Labs - Stablecoin, AMM & Liquid Staking Thala is a really comprehensive protocol with three main products: the Move Dollar (MOD) stablecoin, Thala Swap AMM, and liquid staking. MOD is an over-collateralized stablecoin backed by a mix of assets, including LSTs and RWAs. Thala Swap has dynamic pools that are very flexible. Their liquid staking offering (thAPT and stthAPT) has over $48M in TVL, making it the second-largest on Aptos. The best part is how it's all integrated. You can use their liquid staking tokens in their stablecoin vaults or on their swap, creating a really cohesive ecosystem. THL is the governance token that lets holders vote on protocol parameters like fees and treasury decisions. Tapp Exchange - Next-Gen DEX Tapp is one of the newer DEXes on Aptos. It's the first modular DEX on the network, using Uniswap v4-style hooks that let developers add custom logic to transactions. This opens up a ton of possibilities, like automated liquidity routing or custom compliance rules. It's positioned as a composable liquidity layer that other protocols can build on, which could create some powerful network effects. Kofi Finance - MEV-Enhanced Staking Kofi is taking liquid staking a step further by sharing MEV revenue with stakers. This means you can earn more than just the standard staking yield. It has a dual-token model (KAPT and stKAPT) to give users choices. With over $27M in TVL, it's gaining traction. Distributing MEV rewards back to stakers is a big deal and addresses a common issue in proof-of-stake systems. Kana Labs Perps - Derivatives Trading Kana Labs launched the first fully on-chain, CLOB-based perpetuals DEX on Aptos. It supports APT, BTC, and ETH with both market and limit orders. It uses an isolated margin model and has a hedge mode that lets you hold long and short positions on the same asset at the same time, which is great for sophisticated risk management. The user experience is also very smooth thanks to keyless authentication and sponsored transactions. Merkle Trade - Gamified Derivatives Merkle is the first gamified perpetuals DEX and it's been a huge success, with over 170K users and $17 billion in volume. It mixes crypto, forex, and commodities trading with gaming elements like quests and loot boxes. You can trade with up to 150x leverage and the walletless feature makes it super easy to get started. You can just sign in with Google and start trading with a couple of bucks. It's been a major onramp for new users to Aptos DeFi. The MKL tokenomics is used for staking to earn protocol fees, with governance functionality coming by end of 2025. Moar Market - Credit Layer Moar is a really interesting concept. It's a credit layer that lets you use leverage across the entire Aptos ecosystem. You can create a credit account, borrow against your collateral, and then use those funds in multiple protocols at once. It allows for up to 15x leverage for trading and farming and enables complex strategies like cross-collateralizing assets across different platforms. This kind of composable leverage is a big step forward for DeFi. Auro Finance - Stablecoin Infrastructure Auro is focused on maximizing yield from staked APT while giving you access to USDA, a decentralized stablecoin. You can borrow USDA against different types of collateral, so you can get liquidity without selling your assets. It's a smaller protocol, with about $1M in TVL, but it solves a common DeFi problem: how to access capital while your assets are earning yield. Mirage Protocol - Synthetic Assets Mirage is building a synthetic asset platform around mUSD, its over-collateralized stablecoin that's used for margin trading. Their perpetual futures market offers up to 100x leverage, and mUSD earns yield from the trading fees. It's one of the more sophisticated DeFi infrastructure projects on Aptos. Panora Exchange - Trading Automation Panora fills a big gap in Aptos DeFi by offering automated trading features like limit orders and dollar-cost averaging. It's the first platform on Aptos to do this, so you can set up your trades and not have to watch the market all day. Its swap aggregator also finds the best rates across all Aptos DEXs.

Testing the simplest way to claim digital rewards Hey, we've just launched Sliyd on Base and now we’re testing our ultra-simple rewards platform. Sliyd is a one-click digital wallet that lets anyone receive and store digital rewards and collectibles on Base-no apps, no accounts, no crypto knowledge required. We’re dropping 100,000 rewards of meme-tokens on Base to show how easy Sliyd is. Click a link, claim the reward, done. Limited to fair use, while supplies last. You can see a video showing how it works on our X account: [ We are looking to get feedback on the experience

Solana's Underperformance This Year Vs. Ethereum Offers A Buying Opportunity

It became the chain associated with memecoin scams and rug pulls. Hard to come back from that.

There is a good point in the article about the "iOS of crypto" comparison. The focus on user experience is exactly what crypto needs to break out of its niche. The whole Blinks concept is a perfect example of this. I was just reading up on Gravity Team, the market maker mentioned in the article, and their CEO Martins Benkitis hit the nail on the head. He said something about how they're "leaning into Solana because we see that when infrastructure meets adoption, that’s where sustainable markets are built."

Interesting article. I think the underperformance this year is more about the broader market sentiment and a bit of a hangover from the last bull run. The narrative just shifted away from a lot of the alternative L1s for a bit. It’s not a reflection of the tech itself.

My solana is up like 28% in a few months. You are delusional

Common DeFi Beginner Mistakes (And How a CEX Like Binance Can Help You Avoid Them) I've been seeing many new users jump straight into DeFi and make costly mistakes like falling for scams, paying huge gas fees without understanding why, or losing funds due to simple errors. While the goal is self-custody and using DEXs, I believe a centralized exchange like Binance can actually be a useful and safer learning ground for absolute beginners to understand the basics before diving into the deep end. What do you think? Is there a place for CEXs in the onboarding process, or should we encourage people to go straight to DeFi? I wrote a guide that breaks down these mistakes and how to avoid them: [

Why DeFi still runs on Ethereum Billions in DeFi value flow through Ethereum every week. Uniswap, Aave, MakerDAO, Curve, Lido… all secured by Ethereum’s base layer. Competitors like Solana, Avalanche, and Binance Smart Chain attract projects with lower fees, but Ethereum has: * The strongest DeFi track record * Most liquidity * Widely adopted standards (ERC-20, ERC-721, ERC-4626) * The most developers building new DeFi protocols With Layer 2s reducing gas fees, Ethereum seems positioned to remain DeFi’s settlement layer. If DeFi is about security and liquidity first, can any chain realistically displace Ethereum?

The flexibility of Ethereum makes it attractive for developers. The trick is building for the user - not profits Its quite a long shot for any chain to push Ethereum out the way. Adoption is long behind us - growth is ahead - that's why we're build on Ethereum L1

Is there really another chain except for bitcoin that you would trust with a significant amount of money?

The reality is evm is the sauce. But most builders are elsewhere

I think competition is healthy, but unless another chain solves both security + liquidity together, Ethereum’s role as settlement layer seems pretty secure.

Defi in solana is still relatively young. I have been using kamino and orca in sol and they are pretty good now jupiter launched its lending protocol. It’s matter of time that people will switch their attention yo solana after the huge pump on ether

wtf is the pint of this post? mods delete

DeFi capabilities are being brought to bitcoin and it’s happening quickly. Many robust projects in the ecosystem are allowing smart contract computation to happen with data availability anchored to the bitcoin L1. I believe we see a massive transition over to this ecosystem when the time is right.

Biconomy's New Supertransaction API: One-Click DeFi Across Chains Hey everyone, I just saw this interesting update from Biconomy on X – they're launching something called the Supertransaction API. It basically lets developers connect to all kinds of DeFi stuff like swaps, bridges, and staking on different chains without all the usual headaches. You don't have to build transactions step by step anymore, it's all handled in one place, and users can get things done with just a single click. If you're working on web3 projects or playing around with crypto stuff, this seems like it could save a lot of time. I haven't given it a go myself, but making multi-chain stuff easier sounds useful. What are your thoughts? Has anyone started using something similar?

Borrowing Crypto and Repaying It Hi, so just a follow up question regarding my previous post about borrowing from Aave, and thanks for all those who explained it to me. The scenario: If I deposit let's say 1 ETH, around $4500 right now, and I borrow about $1500 USDC and cash it out for my personal use. And say ETH reaches $7000, I sell my remaining ETH in my wallet for USDC, take about $2000 and repay my loan and interest. Withdraw my deposited 1 ETH, and sell it too for USDC. This way I will have all my ETH holdings untouch (including the 1 eth I will deposit in Aave), and have a cash on hand ready to be used, all without selling any of my ETH. I think paying the interest is better than selling my ETH and missed more possible gains during the upward movement of the market. My question is, will this work? I mean is it a smart move? I'm still in need of a quick cash, but I don't want to sell my ETH holdings this early. Just need some opinions because I don't think I fully understand crypto borrowing and lending yet.

That's a perfect plan, if eth rises. Now do the math if eth falls.

You are doing a loop. It's the crypto way. There are vaults that make it easy too.

Lol, you can do what you want in this scenario. Lenders care that you can pay the debt and fees back. Other things are not their business.

As long as you avoid liquidation, you should be fine.

IMO is not a smart move. Especially borrowing for personal use, if that is intended spending for whatever you need. If I borrow money is because I need more capital to make money, so you should invest that borrowed money in a way that if eth crashes, you can just unwind your loop and pay it back before you get liquidated. Just my opinion tho.

I mean that's the best case scenario right there and exactly what you hope for when utilizing CDPs. You just have to be ready to then think the opposite way. What if Eth price drops back down to say 1600? Then you're gonna get liquidated. So as long as you know how to manage that risk, you'll be fine.

You need to account for platform risk. I used MakerDAO at the beginning and they had a design flaw that allowed a bot to liquidate all ETH collateral for $0.

is limited supply really the best model? Bitcoin’s capped supply made it valuable, but also inflexible. Ethereum went the opposite way with a flexible issuance model, burning fees to balance growth. Both work, but neither feels like the final form. What if there’s a system that keeps flexibility while still protecting long-term holders? Would that make adoption easier or harder?

Ethereum has the best model by far because the security of the network is sustainable in the long term without the insane inflation most chains suffer from. Bitcoin is fine currently but in a few more halving cycles some tough decisions will have to be made about how much they increase the supply and/or increase network fees to reward miners.

hard cap makes sense til u realize growth needs some flex, btc feels like boomer tech rn

trading perps on axiom I converted my usdc to solana and I never received the usdc sol, I see it on chain but its not showing up on axiom is there any way to manually connect my perps wallet so I can access my funds? trading perps on axiom I went to withdraw so I converted my usdc to solana and I never received the usdc sol, I see it on chain but its not showing up on axiom is there any way to manually connect my perps wallet so I can access my funds? Ive never had this happen before I tried another smaller amount with the little I had left in my account and it came through no issues like always. any help is greatly appreciated I really need this money, thank you

The hunt for passive income: should I quit trading? 😂 Trading this year has been a nightmare. Every setup that looked perfect ended the same way: stop-loss triggered, fake signals, unpredictable volatility. It honestly felt like I was chasing shadows without catching any real gains. And yet, my actual profits didn’t come from trading at all. They came from **passive income**. Since January, by joining Launchpools on Bitget, I’ve earned over **4,400 USDT** just by staking BGB. No stress, no charts to monitor, no fees just rewards dropping automatically. Now a new pool is opening with **Bitlayer (BTR)**, a Bitcoin Layer-2 already above **$430M TVL**. Honestly, part of me wants to throw all my capital in there and forget trading altogether. 👉 But instead of asking if I should quit trading, I’d rather know: **how do you guys maximize passive income?** What strategies do you use to keep it profitable without relying only on a bull market?

Hunt for blue chips and automated liquidity pools. Cover the impermanent loss with some technique like this:

LP into pools that are either paired with usdc or eth Weth/usdc Aero/usdc Virtual/weth Cbbtc/weth

I use MetaLend which is giving me a stable 10% and I connected it to my MetaMask card which is paying me 3% cash back. My new checking account

Go to cardano Lend your stablecoins for 20% Apy or more Lend synthetic eth and Solana, or stake in stable pools for equally high or higher People love to shit on cardano but the truth is its really hitting a stride in products. The chain is fundamentally safer than others like eth because of the infrastructure. Defi on eth carries serious risk, whole cardano doesn't have many of the same risks due to the blockchain infrastructure. The truth is cardano offers safe and stable yields on many assets and its deeply overlooked. Huge opportunity for low risk, even if you don't care for the chain, simply staking LP on Solana, eth or btc in usd pairs offers huge returns.

How much have you staked and for how long for 4400USDT

I lend on a single chain and sell the profits (native token to usd). This is possible on lots of chains and platforms. I have stable coins earning APY on various chains and platforms.

I understand, i struggled for a long time too but i think i cracked it now( relatively) so if you want i have a great trading channel with amazing signals and a full on course book, DM me and i can send you my results even in the last 5 days, this is genuine, not trying to SCAM you or anything

looking for programmers We are crypto-enthusiasts who are building a startup. So far, we don't have much to offer. We need enthusiastic programmers 2-3 people who will be willing to work for an idea first. All the details are in the dm. I'm not spreading the word, so as not to steal the idea.

I’ll work for equity if good idea but not for free, dm me if interested

Happy to know more! Dm me with details.

I do project management, graphic design, and marketing. Send me a DM if interested

If you don’t build, what are you doing?

best platform for escrow coin payment system - please help hii everyone, i am creating a platform where i need to implement crypto escrow payment processing but i am new to platform could anyone please help me suggesting best and reliable platform. Because i got to know most of escrow providers are not updating payment wallet instantly and some deduct a huge amount of payment. Thanks in advance for your valueable suggestions i am building on laravel

I'm not sure if this suits your purpose, but have a digital Letter of Credit (

If your build also needs a USDC on/off ramp, maybe there’s a chance for us to work together. We provide an easy-to-integrate API, licensed across 30+ U.S. states, and currently support 7 major chains. Happy to chat more if you’re interested.

If you ate looking for secure crypto payments platform check out Zypto pay.

Is Binance still relevant for DeFi beginners compared to DEXs? I’ve noticed many newcomers still start with centralized exchanges like Binance before moving into DeFi. On one hand, Binance provides liquidity, low fees and easy onboarding, but on the other hand, the real value of crypto is in decentralized exchanges and self-custody. For someone who is completely new to crypto, do you think starting on Binance is a good first step before exploring DEXs like Uniswap, PancakeSwap, or others? Curious to hear what this community thinks — is Binance a “bridge” to DeFi, or should new users skip it and go straight to decentralized platforms?

Binance is fine as a starting point (fiat on-ramp, low fees, smooth UX), but if you stop there you’ll miss the real reason people use DeFi. Most of the crazy tokens that run hard — especially memecoins — they live on Uniswap, Pancake, etc. Best flow imo: on-ramp on Binance → move to self-custody → learn to trade on a DEX. And if you’re worried about scams, tools like CoinLobster help a ton on Uniswap since they flag honeypots and show which wallets are actually profitable to follow.

You’re not going to learn anything about DeFi by using a CEX. Just download Rabby… add a small amount of money to your wallet and then start messing around on an L2 like Arbitrum or Base. Curve / Convex, AAVE, and UniSwap are good places to start.

I do not recommend relying on the CEXs. Just recently, $3.1M belonging to a whale has been freezed on a CEX and giving the whale only a chance to get their funds by flying to Malaysia. Isn’t this ridiculous? There’s no freedom here. Not at all.

Why not use an app like [beans app]( where DeFi is made really easy. You just deposit USDC, add to earn without any onchain fees and you’re done. APY is 11% right now and it’s non-custodial with the smart-contracts being audited by two different security firms and using only overcollaterized lending/borrowing.

I just use a CEX to convert fiat to usdt then buy crypto then transfer it to my cold wallet.

Learn hyperliquid and you'll be great. Use cex ONLY for on ramp.

People say CEX like Binance is safe for beginners, but as far as I know you can’t get listed on Binance right away. You need to meet strict requirements first. In fact, most tokens are already traded on DEXs before they can even apply to a CEX. So yes, DEXs are definitely the real opportunity, but that’s also the reality.

Yea, back in 2018 I traded a little on Binance and then discovered Uniswap in 2021. Next, I fell down the DEX/DEFI rabbit hole

Top 3 Crypto Exchanges Compared: Centralized, Decentralized & Hybrid Leaders

Hybrid exchanges always felt like marketing words to me. Like… either you’re centralized or you’re not.

Interesting choice for the best dex. I do like it a lot, but I don’t think it’s the best out there.

Onboarding Millions to Web3 in One Click? Hey, we've just launched Sliyd on Base and now we’re testing our ultra-simple rewards platform. Sliyd is a one-click digital wallet that lets anyone receive and store digital rewards and collectibles on Base-no apps, no accounts, no crypto knowledge required. We’re dropping 100,000 rewards of TOSHI on Base to show how easy onboarding can be. Check out our X ([@sliydapp]( to find out more or head straight to claim page to try this out: [ Would be great to hear your thoughts on this

So all I need is someones URL to steal the funds in thier wallet?!?!?! LETS GOOOOOO Just created a wallet copied the URL and accessed it on another machine... what in your mind makes this a good idea?

Interesting. Would like to chat more. You guys going to Token?

Using stablecoin as checking account with >4% APY? Background: I recently discovered I can use my Fidelity brokerage account essentially as a checking account (with debit card access) while earning 4% APY on cash sitting in money market funds. This got me thinking about crypto alternatives. I'm wondering if it's practical to use stablecoins as a primary "bank account" setup. Specifically: * Use stablecoins (USDC, USDT, etc.) for day-to-day banking * Get debit card access for spending * Earn 4%+ APY through DeFi protocols * Pay bills and handle regular expenses What I'm looking for: * Platforms that offer debit cards linked to stablecoin holdings * Reliable ways to earn yield on stablecoins * Real-world experience from anyone doing this * Potential risks/downsides I should consider Has anyone successfully transitioned to using stablecoins as their primary banking solution? What platforms, cards, and protocols are you using? Edit: I understand the risks involved with DeFi - looking for practical implementation advice, not investment recommendations.

Ether.fi card works well

There's fees and stuff to think about. Yield on checking accounts isn't bad but you probably shouldn't have that many long term funds in a checking account. I like to have a clean mental and literal separation of *money I need to survive this month*. My extra goes to defi yield or investing.

This is a great IDEA, really wish it’s in the marketb

You say you understand the risks, but I want to emphasize that you are giving up FDIC protection of your funds for zero benefit other than "crypto is cool". You \*have\* an account that gives you debit card access, bill pay access, and 4+% APY. Maybe you can cobble that together in DeFi (bill pay and non-debit-card transactions probably more annoying than you want) but \*why\*?

Don’t forget each transaction is capital gain in this case. You just tract your cost basis for each transaction and report at the end of the year.

Just use money market account. You are going to end up getting +0-2% over money market with x10 the complexity and x100 the risk

Smart contract risk, rug risk, and shotgun KYC are the reason this isn't a slam dunk idea.

I use GnosisPay as my main spending account in EUR. Gives me about 4% back in GNO on spending. For dollars, I used to use the Coinbase card and made sure to only onramp USDC, since they would give a reward as well - it just takes up to 7 days to clear funds, which can be annoying (that's ACH and US banks, not them, though). For savings, I use AAVE with a stablecoin. Gives me better rates than bank savings. You don't get deposit insurance, however.

Yup you can use MetaLend to earn 8-10% on USDC via Morpho and Aave and they partner directly with the MetaMask card which is giving 3% cash back on their metal card. So all together you can earn 8% on your checking account funds and then 3% anytime you spend which is pretty awesome!

It is doable however abstraction of the friction points of crypto doesn’t abstract away the risk

I built a super easy way for earning stablecoin yield portion through an app called YieldClub. Seamless 8-10% USDC yield through Morpho with Coinbase onramp and bank account connect. Ether.fi is cool but the staking/liquid vaults part is more sophisticated and opens up another layer of risk compared to just depositing a single asset in Morpho/Aave. It’s cool that they have a card and building banking products though.

Help. Money stuck in LP pool in sushiswap Just found out that I have some money in a sushiswap pool on Moonriver network. The problem is sushiswap doesn't support Moonriver anymore. Anyone know how can i withdraw from the pool and brigde my asset to ethereum or Arbitrum?

If it’s significant amount you could code a little script to pull it out, interact directly with the chain

I can able to help Sent me a dm

De-Fi Lending - Why is it so hard? Question for people that entered de-fi and have invested in lending protocols, why is it so hard to invest in different lending protocols like Aave, Moonwell, Morpho, etc Like I mean for a new users, not for crypto veterans ofc

I don’t know, I don’t find it hard to

It's not hard

Fragmentation. If you want to earn on your dollars you need to pick a chain, then a protocol and you also have to pick a stablecoin now lol. Anyone who thinks DeFi will go mainstream with the current UX and tooling is wrong. There are some cool Products making things easier now though.

Define “invest”?

the pros are automating this and u are still manualing it. thats the gap

Crypto has to basically become idiot proof for it to go mainstream

i think mainly because of a lot of the onchain hoops that users have to go through? curious to hear other thoughts but this is why many of my friends don't really use on chain apps

What are you finding difficult? And what are you trying to do exactly?

What do you mean hard? Lol you press a button

what are you finding hard about it?

You deposit by clicking the "Deposit" button. You withdraw by clicking the "Withdraw" button. I don't know how they could make it easier. Honestly wrapping your head around gas tokens, different chains, and signing transactions (ie how to use a wallet) is a lot harder than learning how to use a dapp. Even then, you do it once and you basically have it mastered. It's not hard, it's just brand new so you will have to learn *something*. 3 minutes or less with ChatGPT would solve all issues though.

AAVE is safe and easy to use. I don't know what make you stuck here.

lol for real, you need a 200 IQ to figure out which pool to jump in.

its not hard lol - what are you finding hard exactly? explain please just find any UX to deposit and just makes sure its self custodial

This is what [beans app]( solves. DeFi without the complexity. 11% APY without gas fees, etc. Just deposit USDC, move to your earn balance and you’re done.

what's so hard about it?

what do you find difficult and perhaps we can help guide you. mostly just inexperience with directly lending most likely imo

Try Spark Protocol (SPK )

WLFI Role in Ethereum's DeFi Growth The WLFI token, native to the World Liberty Financial DeFi platform, represents a fascinating entry into the Ethereum ecosystem, especially given its high-profile backing by the Trump family. Launched on Ethereum's mainnet earlier this year, WLFI functions as a governance and utility token within a protocol emphasizing decentralized lending, borrowing and stablecoin operations, with an initial presale raising over $2.26 billion and a phased unlock set for September 1, 2025, starting at 20%. Its integration leverages Ethereum's robust smart contract infrastructure boasting over $58 billion in TVL across DeFi protocols potentially driving increased network activity, higher gas fees during peak adoption and broader mainstream appeal. By attracting non-crypto natives through political associations, WLFI could amplify Ethereum's dominance in DeFi, fostering liquidity pools, cross-protocol integrations (like rumored Aave proposals) and overall ecosystem growth, though it also raises questions about regulatory scrutiny and volatility in a politically charged token. Complementing WLFI's role in Ethereum's DeFi landscape, the USD1 stablecoin acts as a foundational asset for stable lending and borrowing within the WLF protocol, further bolstering ecosystem liquidity and usability. As a user on Bitget, I recently came across their partnership with DWF Labs to support the liquidity of World Liberty Financial’s USD1 stablecoin a fiat-backed asset custodied by BitGo and designed for seamless spot and derivatives trading. With this positive insight, it's interesting to see how such developments can impact my trading experience, providing tighter spreads and deeper order books for USD1 pairs. Now that they have listed $WLFI for pre-market trading, this listing makes me feel more connected to what’s happening across Web3, not just as a spectator, but as a participant!

Where to buy

thank you mr robot for the post

WLFI: Between Political Branding and DeFi Utility World Liberty Financial (WLFI) has finally launching on exchanges after a year of speculation, and it’s already sparking debate about whether it represents a genuine DeFi play or simply another narrative-driven token. WLFI positions itself as more than a speculative asset. Launched in September 2024, the project’s stated mission is to bridge traditional finance with blockchain by offering user-friendly DeFi tools, issuing stablecoins to reinforce the U.S. dollar’s role in global markets, and reducing dependence on intermediaries like banks. What sets it apart, however, is its founding roster: Donald J. Trump (Co-Founder Emeritus), Eric Trump, Donald Trump Jr., Barron Trump, Chase Herro, Zak Folkman, Steven Witkoff (Co-Founder Emeritus), Zach Witkoff, and Alex Witkoff. This unusual mix of political and real estate figures has drawn attention but also raises questions about governance and long-term credibility because of past family launches. There is speculation that WLFI may align closely with Ethereum. If that’s true, it would be a logical choice, Ethereum remains the dominant settlement layer for DeFi infrastructure. Building on ETH’s rails could give WLFI instant access to liquidity and distribution without reinventing technical foundations. The launch itself was also atypical, with exchanges like Bitget opening a pre-market and futures to test liquidity before the official listing. The real question is whether WLFI can sustain momentum beyond its name recognition. DeFi has seen countless projects rise and fall on hype alone. For WLFI, anchoring itself on Ethereum might provide relevance, but the political associations introduce regulatory and reputational risks that most DeFi protocols work hard to avoid. Is WLFI the start of a new institution-facing phase of DeFi, or just another cycle of speculative branding? That’s what the market, and the community, will decide.

Interesting launch. The mix of DeFi tools and political ties definitely makes WLFI one of the most talked about tokens right now. If they really build on Ethereum and deliver on the utility side, it could stand out. But hype vs. execution will decide everything.

Can Web3 Transform Crypto Trading for New Investors and Reduce Risks?

Tbh most new traders just end up wrecked in their first year. 80% losing money isn’t surprising at all.

Maybe this is an unpopular opinion, but asset baskets are a much better way to invest in crypto than trading narratives and hype. There is a reason why index funds are so popular in TradFi.

The risk applied to trading is very high for the skilled and even brutal for the unskilled, It think proper comprehendable education would really help

How to bridge COMAI from Mainnet to ERC20 Hallo, i'am not new to crypto, but i've never bridges such nano cap coins before. Can anyone help how i get some COMAI coins which are currently stored on the Mainnet to ERC20 (reason, exchange only accepts ERC20 receiving address). I tried some platforms like Uniswap, but either i do not get it or they do not support that kind of swap. Thanks a lot.

Why Hybrid Custody is Better than Self Custody? Hybrid Custody is better than self-custody because it keeps your full control while adding a critical safety net. In self-custody, if you lose your keys or get hacked, there’s no way back—your crypto is gone forever. **Hybrid Custody** solves that by combining smart vaults, delayed unlocks, and a decentralized Sentinel Network that helps you recover assets without ever handing over control. It removes the single point of failure, eliminates seed phrase panic, and brings real protection to self-sovereign ownership—making crypto truly **unstealable** and **unlosable**.

I’m assuming you are talking about argent wallet with social recovery

it is not.

Hybrid Custody gives us full ownership with built-in recovery and also freedom without fear.🫡 Your funds, your keys, your control💥

Developer Faucet not working Hello, I’m currently working on a project and I needed some solana to test it out but the official faucet says that my GitHub is invalid so I’m not able to mint any on the devnet, Do any of you by some chance have 1-2 or a few dev solana and would be able to send me some so that I’m able to test my project? Much appreciated

you need solana to use it?

USD1 Is Now Live On Solana **Source:** [ >USD1 is now live on Solana - where capital markets finally move at internet speed. USD1 is a stablecoin redeemable on a 1:1 basis for the U.S. Dollar, built for speed and control, running on a fast and scalable financial layer in DeFi. USD1 brings stability. Solana brings scale. >USD1 is one of the fastest-growing stablecoins in crypto, now live on Solana, where it belongs. The economy moves at lightning speed here, new tokens launch every minute, traders shift positions in seconds, and founders build apps with real revenue. >Solana needed a dollar as dynamic as its core: instant execution, permissionless, & globally accessible. USD1 is backed 1:1 by assets held in reserve and brings digital dollar stablecoins to internet capital markets by integrating on day one of launching on Solana with [@RaydiumProtocol]( [@bonk\_fun]( and [@KaminoFinance]( >And soon, it will all be available inside the WLFI App >Send it. >For informational purposes only and not investment advice. Digital assets involve significant risk of loss and varying degrees of regulation. Do your own research and consult your advisors.

This is the trump family’s stablecoin. With that said, I wouldn’t touch it with a 10 foot pole. “Solana needed a dollar as dynamic as its core: instant execution, permissionless, & globally accessible.” What are they even talking about? We have USDC, USDT, PYUSD, USDG, etc… plus none of those “features” are unique to USD1. If it’s backed 1:1 and audited, then I guess whatever. But make no mistake, these guys don’t care about Solana and are here to extract.

Screw this coin and everything it stands for! Corruption and greed!

Sounds cool

Trump's crook token, just another of his 1000s of scam. Will be manipulated as always

Have been searching for real opinions about the usd1 across reddit. Found it in this comment section. So the general consensus is "stay away from usd1", got it.

Solana taking a Lead again

WEEKLY CHECK-IN UPDATE

Will WLFI be on axiom? It launches in a couple of hours (13:00 GMT)

I have no idea, I Know it would be live on Bitget

How do you keep Solana apps responsive during congestion without sacrificing determinism? Curious what patterns you use (priority fees, txn queues, account sharding, off-chain matching + proofs) to keep markets/auctions snappy when the network is busy.

Jito bundled transactions

One of the cleanest ways I’ve seen is batching + local fee markets. You let priority fees signal intent, but shard queues so congestion in one market doesn’t throttle the entire chain. Add off-chain orderbooks with zk-proofs for settlement and you get speed + determinism without drowning in spam.

Change RPC often works

Ideas for DeFI on Solana Hi Solana community! I have been dabbling with Solana for over a year now, but I haven't made anything significant. What tools/defi products would you guys love to have on Solana? I want to challenge myself into making a full product in a month :)

I like real life integration and usability. Projects that peak my interest, but fail to deliver smooth integration, include: 1. Axie Infinity (Something along the line of NFT top trumps or pokemon style cards). Has a great intention, poor game design, and ridiculous entry requirements. There is no way to help build the community without dumping money. 2. StepN (A great tool to use for daily activities). Also has great intention with a good community, however, it is certainly not seemless, no one wants to open an app every time they go for a walk. Maybe a similar fitness project that grows with usability and not with finance. Other ideas I have thought of: A Real Life Pet app: Complete challenges with your pet to level up their profile and collect points/currency. Could include pet trackers for better usability, or just be used with human step counters and app input. Could offer virtual pets for people who cant have pets. Would offer unique NFTs with design input from each user to make their NFT as closely related to their pet as possible. (This is a very broad idea, but one that I could see myself using) Personally I am waiting for a well developed augmented reality (AR) massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). This would be something like Pokemon Go or Atlas Earth, or Pikmin Bloom, there are lots, but none stand out integrated on a blockchain using NFTs and Cryptocurrency. These may be a bit more involved than you are thinking, I dont think anyof them could be developed in a single year let a lone a single month. But I just wanted to share my ideas of the kind of crypto projects that I am looking towards.

interesting, we can chat via telegram "GoldBoris0622" let me know

Does Seeker phone come with past airdrops in its wallet? Just wondering if anyone had airdrops in their phone wallet when they opened their phone. Does it come with past airdrops?

No. Past airdrops went to the wallet used to make the preorder. New airdrops will be sent to the wallet one sets up on the Seeker.

I just burned it. I got another one that says “Seeker Mobile Reward scan qr code to redeem”. This one doesn’t say unverified but I’m thinking this is a scam also

Seeker szn sept 8.. I assume we will get something after that ..

Didn't receive an air drop after ordering eight months ago, nor since I got the phone in hand, we'll see tomorrow :)

Got my seeker shipment email this AM I’m in the states. In case that helps others.

I got mine too at like 3:30pm today lol. I’m happy now

As long as it gets here before the 8th or I'm gonna be pissed.

Unpacking my Solana Seeker Mobile

nice, solana phone unboxing 🔥 curious how smooth the wallet integration feels compared to normal android

Two separate staking delegations showing even though using same validator I recently added to my staked SOL. Why does it appear as a separate entry even though I'm using the same validator?

cause they don’t list a total, they list the actual delegation entries that were written on the blockchain

Phantom wallet and photon account both drained this morning, what happened?? As title states, I woke up today to see that my phantom wallet and Photon Sol account are both empty. How did this happen? Is there anything phantom or photon can do to help? I didn’t click any links I just signed onto my photon account on my PC yesterday and this morning I find it all empty. Any help/info is appreciated Wallet below for anyone curious BaVcnK5292sWrawvvxbyV43LQ7NTKeHfJwLAzsvpX3hJ

there's only a few ways this could happen and it's usually one fo these: * seed phrase/private key exposed * if you ever entered seed phrase anywhere outside of phantom - a portfolio tracker, a 'mint' site, or even fake version of photon it could have been compromised long ago. sometimes attackers wait weeks or months before draining. * malicious transaction approval * you dont need to click a scam link - if you approve a dodgy transaction inside phantom or photon, you might have unknowingly gave permission to something that allows it to transfer assets out later. * pc compromised/malware * clipboard hijackrs, keyloggers, malware targeting extensions etc. can steal your keys directly. phantom can't do anything on-chain. once the funds are sent out of your wallet, they're gone. best you can do is tell them about it so they can flag the addresses involved for others. photon is the same, they don't control your funds, they just route trades. they may at least confirm whether you interacted with the real platform or a fake one at some point. go to [ or [ with your address, and see what program interactions were approved yesterday. look for “delegate authority” or “approve” style transactions. that could reveal the culprit. If *any* SOL is left, head to [ and cut all token approvals. assume your pc is compromised and run malware scan, or better yet move to a clean install. then start fresh with a new phantom wallet. it sucks but the best you can do now is figure out how it happened so it doesn't happen again.

Virus/Trojan on your PC...

Naur Crypto is irreversible. It’s decentralized, meaning no centralized authority can just “reverse” transactions for you. Also, you said you logged into photon with your phantom private key? Why on earth would you put that private key anywhere. Photon gives you its own private key. You just send from ur phantom to photon…. You can add ur photon PK to phantom but idk why you would input ur phantom pk into photon Can you explain?

Only 2 ways this happened: 1. Your seed phrase was compromised. Did you enter it anywhere recently? Also, if you have it saved on an electronic device such as your phone or email it could be easily accessed. 2. You connected your wallet to a shady site and unwittingly approved a malicious contract that gave a 3rd party access. Did you perhaps chase after any presales or attempt to claim some free airdrop that was marketed to you. Long story short create a new wallet, write down the seed phrase and never share it. Additionally, limit the dexes you connect your wallet to and don't chase after presales and airdrops.

the answer is approving contract , getting into cflip.fun. this is the way you got drained

User error unfortunately. Gotta have better wallet hygiene. Don’t connect to any shady dApps with your main account.

Did you create the wallet via email option?

did you share anything with anyone? Are you on Mac? Screenshare?

It is Solana, thats what they do

Your wallet was empty so technicly it wasn't drained. Do you like casino, by the way?

MY $WLFi just disappeared in my phantom wallet !? And its not tradable in the app anymore !?? Please anyone help had wlfi just got into it with the huge run and haven’t cashed out yet ! But i went back to check on them and its all completely gone ! Even on the app whats going on ???

You bought a fake coin.

I can't believe in 2025 people buy coins before doing any research whatsoever... THE COIN ISN'T EVEN OUT YET, IT'S RELEASED TOMORROW ffs

Go to your history and click on a time when you swapped for WLFi. Phantom hid it because they believe it’s a scam coin. This will make it visible so you can swap to solana or ethereum

Wtw rugged or resetting market for tomorrow

Careful bro . WLFI is officially tradable on exchanges (Bitget already has spot date set for Sept 1), but if you’re holding in Phantom and it suddenly disappeared, might be contract/UI issue. Better to double-check the official contract + cross-verify on CMC before panicking. Don’t interact with random ‘WLFI unlock’ links, I’ve seen people get drained like that...

Same thing happened to me. Just search WLFI in phantom and click on it. When it pops up you should see your balance in the coin. Phantom said they aren’t showing it for me because they think it’s a scam. If you click “not a scam” it will show back up on your home page with your other coins. It is tradable, I have bought and sold it today. I think it’s a tactic to make people scared and sell or it’ll just straight up an issue with phantom. Either way WLFI will be hitting major exchanges tomorrow or soon after

lol you got scammed, gj coin is not live. lmao

Check your backpack or Jupiter wallet or go to step finance. You can also get your portfolio from most native $SOL wallets. Solflare, has a browser to get into all your liquidity pools, farming, tokens, access to NFTS. (Yay, my seeker arrives Tuesday) happy labor/ solana seeker days. ) {% the Solflare and backpack wallets can import your private key I order to not open a Brand new wallet. You can also build a SOLscan profile and send support a request. I hope this helps. My defi pools disappeared and come back many times with updates or even awards but are invisible to me for a short time in these wallets. I suggest using the computer for crypto as much as possible. Have best luck! 🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏰🏰🏰🏰🏹🏹🏹🏹🎯🎯🎯♒️♒️♒️♒️♒️💨💨💨💨💨⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️🪬🪬🪬🪬🪬🐋🐋🐋🐋🐬🐬🐬🐬🐬🎧🎧🐘🐘🐘®️®️🎼🎼🔉🔉🔈🔈🎧🧲🧲🙏🦌🪬🐋🐬🐬

It’s happened to me today it’s disappeared then I check again it’s only in managed folder hide then I swap to USDC it’s ok better than gone..

whats the CA? can have a look

You gotta click the info button before you buy to see when the account was set up and to verify the address.

This also happened to me just before I when tried to sell I only get 1/3 of the wlfi for sol why in 10 hours it be on exchange like kucoib bingx can I send that to a exchange a sell.. please help me

Has to be a fake token

Go to manage tokens. That was a meme coin scam. You will see it there. It might be rugged already

Did you check jupiter to see if it still appears there?

I got it with the right contract but can’t get it out of my wallet as it is 2 (two!!) ETH for Fees. Is that an error?

Indont want to sell i just want them back .. i bought the one that went live today and checking the year2d its the same one that got rugpulled before September 1 …

I have a ss of somthing to show if anyone can help me int the dms to show them please

there is no crying in the casino buddy

DINWE JUST GET RUG PULLED BY TRUMP !?!?

Cq16t8jRSxtQDcPyANothLYemBDkN6SVKjqSDZ99pump

0xdA5e1988097297dCdc1f90D4dFE7909e847CBeF6

This is address of WLFI. Can I buy it now ? On phantom. ?? 0xdA5e1988097297dCdc1f90D4dFE7909e847CBeF6

A book on solana and ecosystem Hey, mates. Can you please recommend books to start learning solana with? I want to dive deep into how it works under the hood and how apps are created within ecosystem. Thanks in advance.

If you’re diving dep into Solana start with the Solana Handbook and then move to Solana Cookbook. Honestly tho, the best book is still the blockchain itself …. reading the code teaches more than any pdf 😂

there’s a report helius wrote called ‘solana: how it works’ that i found useful

Solana whitepaper: Hope it helps!

# Suggested Learning Path: (**Beginner**) 1. **Solana Handbook (Ackee)** – Build a conceptual understanding of how Solana works. (**Intermediate**) 2. **Solana Development with Rust and Anchor** – Hands-on guide to writing programs and deploying on Solana. (**Expert**) 3. **Solana Cookbook** – Practical coding examples to accelerate development. (**Expert**) 4. **Solana Development Handbook** – Optimize applications with deep insight into performance and architecture.

I highly recommend you check out ***Solana Development with Rust and Anchor*** **(by Sebastian Dine)**. Before jumping in, make sure you’ve gone through the official **Solana whitepaper**: [

Solana isn’t just fast. It’s fractal

There are plenty of useful docs on Solana's official website, check it out there :)

Why do my memecoin profits drop so much when I sell? 🤯 Hey crypto community, I’m completely new to memecoins and I’m hoping someone can explain this. I bought a tiny amount of a memecoin on Photon for 0.01 SOL. I set my slippage at 10% and fees as low as possible (slippage 0.0001, bribery also low). While holding the coin, I saw that I was up 50%. But when I sold, instead of getting that, my holdings showed only 17% PnL. I understand slippage, fees, and price impact can affect this, but this feels extreme. Could this be because I’m trading such microscopic amounts? Or is it mostly because it’s an illiquid memecoin? Any explanations or experiences from other memecoin newbies (or pros) would be greatly appreciated! 🙏

too small amount compared to fees. people also used to not buy and sell 1 share of stock because of fees (although many are much lower now)

You’re just using to little. Min fee to trade is like .002, so you’re auto losing 20%, going up 50, the. Losing like 13% on the sell. Averaging 17%. When you do .01 you have to damn near get 60%. Burn with sol incinerator also. That gets you back the .002 for closing the contract. So you will feel a little better.

So many answers and no one knows what they are talking about lol First buy on ANY coin charges ~.36 for token rent -That’s Already -15% if you’re trading with ~$2 (.01) - 1% fee for buy AND 1% fee to sell (2%) - let’s assume you hit your maximum slippage 10% for both buy and sell (20%) That would be around -37% based on your trade amount and fees set = ~17% profit on 50% gain

What coins are u buying and what are u buying and selling it on?

En la actualidad muchos proyectos tienen TAX, para comprar y vender eso hace que tu Slippage deba ser alto y cuando veas son centavos de ganancias. Siempre mira las condiciones del contrato antes de comprar para ver si económicamente te beneficia, saludos.

Mainly because of slippage. You need to pay attention to it

You are being eaten by fees like the others said, you can: 1) Increase the amounts you are trading or 2) Use a platform that has lower trading fees

Move preorder NFT to Saga phone Is there any perks moving all my stuf, including the preorder nft from eg solflare wallet to the native saga wallet? I see staking rewards are a huge 8,5% in saga wallet anf only 6.45% in solflare.

You can't move your Saga NFT because it's soul bound to that specific address you used to order the Saga phone. You may always "restore" that wallet into your Saga phone though.

Look in the seeker app store you will find Solflare and other wallets for your Seeker

This new BONK ecosystem spotlight looks really cool! Good to see all the active communities and projects in one place

Best exchanges for SOL trading? Liquidity and fees comparison Looking to increase my SOL position but want to optimize where I'm trading. Been using Binance but wondering if there are better options specifically for Solana. What I'm looking for: Tight spreads on SOL pairs Good liquidity for larger orders ($10k-50k) Reasonable fees Fast deposits/withdrawals Platforms I've checked: Binance - good liquidity but 0.1% fees add up Coinbase - expensive but reliable FTX (RIP) - was actually great for SOL before... Backpack - newer but has good SOL integration since founder is from Solana ecosystem. 0% fees on SOL/USDC which is interesting. Also considering DEXs like Jupiter but worried about slippage on larger orders. What's working for you? Seems like SOL-specific exchanges might have advantages over general platforms.

CEX - Kraken & Bybit DEX- JUP

I like Kraken mainly for on and off ramping and I like their 10x futures but I would almost always advice a dex over a cex. Flash trade is my fave solana dex.

how about hyperliquid

If you need to trade memecoins with SOL, then Jupiter. If it’s SOL paired with stablecoins, then DEXes still have high fees compared to CEXes — on Raydium it’s 0.25%, for example, and usually even higher on other liquid pools like around 1%...

theres a 0.02 fee right now on jup. barely any slippage, if youre worried just twap? I regularily swap 6figs in one go on jup its 0 issue dont use anything except jup or any big exchange can also use hyperliquid overcomplicating things

Binance still best for size and depth. Backpack solid for SOL/USDC with 0% fees. Jupiter works for medium trades but watch slippage. For big moves, CEX still safer. WHITENET both push real on-chain liquidity without these trade-offs.

A little honest review of Solana Seeker \>good screen \>medium speaker \>very bad cameras (phone would been better with 1 good camera instead of 3 poor ones) \>case for phone is really poor, it feels like a 1 dollar case ( I paid 25 dollars for 1 case and 2 screen protectors) \>very simple OS, but there are not many features. Also there is no option to turn off the bottom app menu \>there are some useless google features which are hard to turn off \>good vibration sensor \>good battery \>there are insignificant lags in some overloaded animations it's ok. but phone would have been better, if it had only 1 camera and better custumization options in OS

Mine arrives next week. I think it’s more suited to someone wanting to use it as crypto device rather than a phone. I use an iPhone and I will continue to do so. Have the seeker has more of a fun device…. Explore the crypto side of things it offers and hopefully get some airdrops

did it arrive us postal service, ups, or fedex?

Still no sign of it arriving anytime soon. Did you guys get an email beforehand?

Remember this is designed to do your crypto trades and storage. It was never meant to replace your daily driver which probably costs 4 times the price of the seeker

Truthfully, I am disappointed with it. My current Motorola is quite bigger than the seeker. I was hoping that for $500 they would provide some decent "real estate". I guess you compromise with the wallet and the environment... I will keep it, but it's still a gugle fone and made in China. I am still setting it up.

did you have to be present to sign for it?

Problems with Lawnchair for the Solana Seeker smartphone I have now received the Solana Seeker Smartphone. It's not pretty and it's smaller than expected. Visually, it looks like the chubby little brother of a Sony Xperia smartphone. 😅 Apart from that, the Google search widget bothers me the most. And you can't remove it or even move it. That's why I wanted to use the Lawnchair 15 Launcher with the Lawnfeed plugin. That also works, but there is a problem. Every time I want to go back to the homescreen, the image flickers and the apps and folders on the homescreen are hidden. If I swipe upwards 5-10 times, it eventually works again. Of course, you can't live with this permanently. I have switched off the battery optimization and deleted the cache. However, the problem still persists. As a test, I also installed the Microsoft Launcher to see whether it's the smartphone or the Lawnchair Launcher. The problem persists here too. So the cause must be a problem or a setting in the Android system. Have you had similar experiences and been able to solve them?

Did you buy it for the hardware ? How does it feel trading and using crypto ?

At a first glance, kind of reminds me of walmart burner photos. However, i'm excited that Solana's team has at least started. It could build the subculture behind the token and force adoption

is the phone resellable? or is it connected with the existing wallet?

Completely pointless product for solana. 0 relationship with the value add of the technology that is blockchain. Quite tells something about the "foundation"

Anyone tried install a cusrom ROM?

If you just look at it as your new hard wallet that may grant opportunities to get some airdrops in the future you won’t be disappointed.

did it come with any airdrops in the phone wallet?

Early participants using the phone will be granted 40k

Simply garbage.

Evryd1NXormVbUjd8vFQnXuwuS9RUu6ZQBskVdyhbBUN

I am guessing, u can use it as hardware wallet. Just way more advanced

The specs are secondary… I’m more curious to know if the OP washed his hands since owning this device? Why does it look like it is from the 1990s?

Just paid for my haircut in Solana! NYC upper east side. The future is now.

It will be interesting to see in ten years how much you paid for a haircut.

Dude, you need to show us the haircut. Pic or it didnt happen.

Haha same like the guy who paid for pizza , after years it will become history

Just cut my own hair and bought more Solana.

Paid in USDT through solana chain you mean

Three Cryptos to Watch: How Solana, TRON, and Dogecoin Offer Distinct Paths to Growth in 2025: [Solana, TRON, Dogecoin](

This could be equivalent to a very expensive pizza we all know about

Solandy - Surfpool Studio [Solana Tutorial] - Aug 21st '25

And so it begins!! Solana Seeker has arrived!! I’m in the US currently & Took delivery this morning. No tracking information was sent but package arrived from California. Very Happy to unbox and start enjoying Seeker & what it has to offer its users!! Let’s get this chapter started!

Mine gets here later today super excited

Congrats fellow Seeker

When did you originally ordered just curious

What does it do though ? Do you get free Solana like Pokémon go ? Serious question

Still waiting for mine 😡

And this is another Made in China phone. Not even Samsung....a bit disappointed ...and the freagin' FedEx dude just dropped my $500 at the front door and RAN away without ringing doorbell or knocking as if he threw away sumtin' stolen...

Guys if I buy one know can I still get some airdrops or are they all gone ?

Advantages of buying it?

Nice! Finally got shipping notification as well.

Which shipping company it came from

Congrats, has the status changed at all on the website for you friend?

Why did they choose that name

solanamobile.com

Happy for you. In U.S. too but still no shipping update. I’ll check to see if mine arrived.

I already had mine delivered about a week ago. It's a nice device, it's just frustrating that it doesn't have always on display or even double tap to wake. Not even going to mention that for a USD 400 + device it should have wireless charging and a few other things, but that's more understandable I guess.

It's already pumping cash on it. Is this the real life? Or is this just fantasy.....

I’m looking for an empty SOL account with a history of multiple transactions. I need it as a contract address for a meme coin project I’m working on. Offering 2 SOL for it

Whenever you go on the site for your shipping ? Does it say whether or not it was delivered ??

I ordered 2 very early like a year ago and still haven’t got mine

My Seeker arrived last week (Germany) and i am happy with it. I use it to look around the Ökosystem and stake my SOL in the wallet (better APY & no fees). Just have send some SOL from Phantom to my Seeker .skr and it worked fine. Nice thing to tip only "My Forename".skr instead of the whole Address\^. And it will be the only .skr with my forename in small letters.

Ive kept mine sealed until I decide what to do with it - lets see how seeker sep goes ~

How do you feel about it need updates

Does it worth it? Did u get airdrops?

JUST USE JUPITER WALLET

Gimme 0.1 sol pls

Step 1) Download Backpack on Seeker. Step 2) 👀 Seeker Season officially begins September 8th

My Sol coin didn't arrive. I've sent 1.44 Sol from binance to WhalesMarket Address almost 5 hours ago. In Solscan its shows transection is completed but in whales market dashboard its shows 0. What might be the reason. Is I'm scammed? Note: I never use whalesmarket before.

I've used Whale Market. You connect your wallet to the site, you don't ever send them crypto. Did you send crypto to their wallet??

yes of course you got scammed, what even is the whalesmarket, it already sounds like a scam

U could give the solana to me instead of that scammer lmao

Never heard of whales market

Maybe the doc on r\/DeFiGotchas will come in handy bro

List every step and reason what and why you did.

If u sent solana from the Binance chain to native solana wallet then its gone u can’t access them and its not the platforms problem i have done this stupid mistake from sending solana bep20 to native solana and I couldn’t get them and could not send them back ofc.

Make sure Binance has not stopped your transfer

you should contact whalemarket support

Website link?

WTF is whalemarket? Where did you find their wallet? Omg bro... Stop what you're doing immediately and start learning the basics....

Cash out USDT with 0 SOL Howdy yall, I’ve made a bit of an oops. I’ve got all my funds in USDT on SOL, but I didn’t realize you need SOL for transactions. (I know I should RTFM, I was lazy) Now I’m stuck with 0 SOL and can’t cash out anything. Is there a way I could get just enough to cover the gas? The faucet site I found didn't seem to work (I think because rent? I'm not sure) Anyhow thank you

Solved! I used jup.ag

you'll need to fund it from another wallet/exchange. don't trust random websites/people

as alternative - if you have ever traded on that account and have any 0 token balance accounts, you might get free 0.002 SOL for each account by closing them. you can use this one [reclaim.mwh.app]( \- it will pay the fees for you, so it will work even if you have 0 SOL. But obviously you should have some 0 token balances to receive anything

I have done the same thing on binance and they are asking for bnb gas fee and that requires a minimum deposit for 5$ and ion have it

Just out of curiosity why do you choose to use USDT over USDC? Are you in some country that uses brokers or exchanges that prefer USDT?

Subject: RE: Your “Class Action Lawsuit” Threat Dear Jestre, We’ve reviewed your recent email in which you demand $30,000+ because you “got socialed into a screenshare exploit” and would like us, Phantom Wallet, to refund your personal lapse in judgment. After careful consideration, we have prepared the following legal response: 1. You Authorized the Transaction. You claim 300+ SOL was sent “without biometric prompts.” By the way, our records and your app logs, confirm that someone with full device control and wallet access (👋 that’s you, buddy) approved the transaction manually. This isn’t a “wallet exploit.” This is called consensual asset evacuation. 2. Phantom Is Non-Custodial. You agree, and we quote, that “Phantom does not store your private keys, passwords, or funds and cannot recover lost assets.” It’s literally the first line of our Terms of Service. You know, the thing you clicked “I Agree” to while speedrunning life decisions. 3. Screensharing With Strangers Is Not a “Security Breach.” A “hack” implies a technical compromise. What happened to you is officially categorized as a “P.E.B.K.A.C.”: Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair. Phantom cannot be held liable when users voluntarily give scammers remote access. That’s like suing your landlord because you handed a burglar your house keys. 4. On Your Class Action Threat. We look forward to seeing you in court, truly. We are excited to watch your attorney stand before a federal judge and explain, under oath: “Your Honor, my client shared his screen with a stranger and authorized a six-figure transfer, but he feels the app should have saved him from himself.” The court stenographer is going to need hazard pay from all the laughing. 5. Regarding Your Refund Request. You’ve demanded “at least 50% of the amount stolen” as a “goodwill gesture.” Our goodwill gesture is this email. You’re welcome. Final Recommendation: • Stop screensharing your wallet. • Stop threatening class actions you can’t afford. • Stop emailing us at 3 AM in ALL CAPS demanding your SOL back. • Consider writing a Medium article titled: “How I Learned $75,000 Is a High Tuition Fee for Security Basics.” Wishing you the very best in your future endeavors, Phantom Legal Team 🦄

Damn they dunked on you

hehehe I need that legal team 🤣🤣🤣🤣

Sue keyboard manufacture to allow you type zoom without reminding theres an exploit. Sue screen manufacture cuz it allow the victim to share the screen. And so on until you sue jo mama

I won't try to defend Phantom folks, they have the resources do that, BUT, come on man. that was your sole fault, you let scammer in & downloaded that malicious app in you phone or desktop or laptop, you can't blame Phantom for that. I know the loss was huge by all standards & no one dare to explain how you feel because of that, BUT keep it real man, you failed the basic of the basics of keeping your crypto safe & now you're just trying to blame anyone else but yourself on that ! That's just absurd ! This part sum it all >Phantom cannot be held liable **when users voluntarily give scammers remote access**. That’s like suing your landlord because you handed a burglar your house keys

South Park Episode

That was straight GPT, though yeah mate no way anyone's reimbursing you if you're hacked.

Subject: RE My Responce. cool. since you wanna get technical, here’s the reality. i had biometrics and pin enabled. your app let a 300+ SOL transaction go through without triggering either. that’s not my mistake, that’s your system straight up skipping the exact protections you advertise. that’s misrepresentation, and it falls under deceptive practices per § 5 of the FTC Act. i didn’t “authorize” shit your wallet failed to enforce the protections it said were in place. non-custodial doesn’t mean zero accountability. it means you don’t hold the keys it doesn’t give you a free pass to ignore product failure. your “legal response” dodges the core issue entirely and mocks your own userbase on top of it. this ain’t some random phishing scam. this was your front-end letting funds move without triggering the security layers that were toggled on. you know damn well most apps trigger a biometric prompt on outbound transfers when enabled yours didn’t. and now you wanna joke about it instead of addressing your own product flaw. we see what type of company you are now. snake branding, zero liability, and a clown car of a legal team hiding behind TOS lines instead of fixing the actual exploit.

For anyone thinking this is real.. it’s not !

“Your Honor, my client shared his screen with a stranger and authorized a six-figure transfer, but he feels the app should have saved him from himself.” Hahahaha

The man on phantoms legal team is done with peoples bs and is just giving them the alright here’s what actually happened and how it happened and who actually caused it. lol you ain’t winning that lawsuit and you gonna spend more in trying to sue

Boom gottem.. yes seriously Jester a "screen share" and remote access are highly different things. If you were sharing your screen they wouldn't have any control. Pwned

one born every min

For the fkn lolz

He is special in his own way

Funny shit I remember the original post about this

Thanks for sharing 🙏

Quality shit post

I just looked at the guys account that got scammed and this happened a month ago. So he's been complaining all this time and nothing has come of it.

Ha! Now that’s a proper corporate level “Fuck off ya twit” response. We need more of that

Damn mad respect for Phantom wallet I like the way you guys talk no bullshit straight to the f-ing point with facts oath now this is the kind of people I hope to work with #Vynix H.A.I.S hyper adaptive intelligence system possibly the smartest artificial intelligence we have ever seen 😁🤘 it has an inbuilt cryptocurrency and Governance system to help build equality and fairness and future system Improvements smart people like the people at Phantom could greatly help with this system and I feel we both would enjoy working together anyway awesome don't take no shit from f-ing morons just old mate trying to get a freebie Anyway if I can get my system to an end user version it would have helped you avoid being scammed from the very beginning and would have help assist you in your cryptocurrency investments to help improve security and avoid scams legit actually improved security like your entire household like some fuckwit climbing through the window to steal your shit all the way down to making sure you're not getting ripped off on or being stupid where you invest it legit the smartest system probably on the planet anyway sorry to sort of drop in with my bullshit but I'm looking for smart people and need help to get noticed by xai as it's built on grok

Yo this was an amazing post. Decentralized means decentralized, right 😂. Fuckin classic response. Can't give enough upvotes

I was at 11 upvotes on a post and it went to 2. He created a ton of accounts to downvote me and others while pushing his posts up. Crazy work. Must have created a ton of accounts before I blocked him. This dude is full on delusional

You gave you a content idea. High consultation for an idea. Learning curve

Oh shitttttttttt this might be the post that makes me switch wallets

read my latest post, thank you for digging your own grave making fun of ur users? this is gonna be crawling on the news.

TOP 5 LAYER 1’S what are you thoughts?

Why is cardano higher than tron?

What about Hyperliquid L1? Coud Hyperliquid grow to become Solana's main competitor?

If it uses the word decentralized then what is tron doing there? I mean even sui is highly questionable but tron is not even debatable that it's not decentralized, so ajy transaction on tron is not a decentralized transaction

Why is Solana #2? It has more daily transactions than Ethereum

As of right now. Solana tops Ethereum in terms of performance. Should be above ETH

Trump-Backed World Liberty Financial Teases USD1 Stablecoin Launch on Solana The Trump-backed project worldlibertyfi (World Liberty Financial) has been dropping hints about their upcoming USD1 stablecoin, set to launch on the Solana blockchain. This could be a game-changer, blending high-speed transactions with a stable asset pegged to the US dollar.From what I've gathered, the team is emphasizing security, scalability, and accessibility, aiming to bridge traditional finance with DeFi. Solana's low fees and fast processing make it a perfect fit. If this lives up to the hype, it might attract a ton of new users, especially with the political backing. [

I don't want these grifting criminals involved in any of my holdings.

Scammers printing fake money. Great. Remember terra luna?

Lol, that’s weird. At Token2049 in Dubai, only about 4 months ago, they announced they’ll use Tron as std chain for USD1 issuance.

USD1 stablecoin is now live on Solana [

JUPITER LEND CONTEST 🏆

Follow-Up on the 300+ SOL Stolen in USDC. hey guys im jestre and as you may know i got socialed into a screenshare exploit and lost 300+ SOL due to it. so under further investigation, it seems like i might have to sue phantom. why?: because of the MASSIVE ux failure, i had a pin and all biometrics enabled both on extension AND app. guess what? when sending 300+ SOL it didnt even prompt any biometrics, pin or atleast asked for my computer pin yk the popup "comfirm this is you" or whatv , none of that. i get that phantom is non custodial BUT if your gonna put a pin feature in your app ATLEAST make it work, even trust wallet has it even the telegram in-app wallet has it i mean, seriously? so im just simply asking phantom for 50% of the amount stolen no interest , or full amount. ive already emailed the legal team and they ghosted me, i have screen recordings, app logs and so much more. never use phantom wallet. im not the only one too : over 3000+ SOLANA not 3000 usd but millions of usd in sol, have been stolen. i have multiple victims to testify, all with proof and app logs of the crazy biometric failure and yes - im doing this over 60k . im not even asking for the full amount back im just asking for phantom to atleast reeinburse me half of it, not asking for the 75k its worth now. phantom if you ghost this or any of my emails again, you will receive a class action lawsuit with MULTIPLE victims, plus im already in contact with wordwide news agencies. ive always liked phantom but this is just something else. **scammers dont pm i dont fall for "recovery" scams**

You gave someone administrator level access to your computer and you think you can sue someone?

but you clicked on the dialogue box that confirmed letting someone remote access your computer... thats completely on you bud.

The security you refer to is just for logging into the app If you share your device and your phantom app is currently active, anybody can send, there is no confirmation required You will not win your case You shared your space willingly Phantom would have needed to be closed (the stay active options to have timed out) at the time you shared, for them to even be remotely at fault.

Bro, you’re already setting the stage for a blockbuster Netflix docuseries called “I Shared My Screen and Now I’m Broke”. “i got socialed into a screenshare exploit” Translation: “Some dude said he was tech support, I handed him my entire wallet on a silver platter, and now I’m shocked Pikachu.” You didn’t get “hacked”, my guy. You got fished, fried, and served with tartar sauce. “so under further investigation, it seems like i might have to sue phantom.” Ah yes, the classic American Solution™: I messed up, therefore, someone owes me money. Next week: “I tripped over my own shoelace, Nike better cut me a check.” 🥴 “i had a pin and all biometrics enabled” My brother in Christ… if you’re screensharing your wallet with scammers, your FaceID could be Fort Knox level and it wouldn’t matter. You might as well have faxed them your private keys while you were at it. “phantom didn’t even prompt any biometrics when sending 300+ SOL” Of course it didn’t. That’s because the person controlling your screen was YOU… except it wasn’t you, it was Scammer Supreme™ clicking “Send” faster than your neurons could fire. No fingerprint scanner in the world can stop voluntary stupidity. “im just simply asking phantom for 50% of the amount stolen” Yeah, and I’m “simply asking” SpaceX to give me a rocket because my Uber was late. Touch grass. “ive already emailed the legal team and they ghosted me” Shocker. Their entire legal department probably printed your email, framed it, and hung it in the breakroom under “Do Not Respond to This Guy”. “over 3000+ SOLANA not 3000 usd but millions of usd in sol, have been stolen.” Translation: “Other people are also dumb, so clearly it’s Phantom’s fault.” Bro, Darwin Awards aren’t grounds for a class-action lawsuit. “phantom if you ghost this or any of my emails again, you will receive a class action lawsuit” Buddy, you have about as much chance of winning a class action against Phantom as I do of winning a dance-off against a Roomba. Lawyers aren’t lining up to take a “Client shared screen with scammer” case. TL;DR • You screenshared your wallet. • You approved the transaction. • Now you want Phantom to refund your poor life choices. • This is like blaming the door manufacturer after you gave a burglar your house keys.

oh and just btw no seedphrase was ever involved, no links no downloads didnt even click a box on zoom or anything just screenshared my dexscreener.

i might be harsh but it sounds like a skill issue

You gave someone access to your wallet via screen share and you think it’s the wallet’s fault?

Im assuming they got your recovery phrase. Which would bypass any other security. The pin is not for transactions anyway from my understanding. Your lawyer is just getting a pay day from you. Wtf would you screenshare with a random perso.

nahh it would be your mistake accepting the remote access request, u maybe miss that one because of zoom bad ux, it can be done So fast because they are running script so it ain't happen through extension. Probably similar script that they use on those fake win+r but in this case the hacker has full access to your computer.

how did they steal your money and is it impossible that someone managed to make a transaction on your account nona I sell the seed phrase

They have billions and probably a good Jewish lawyer you’ll never win bro sorry thanks for playing

I completely agree with OP - phantom should have security measures and if he had pin enabled well, it shouldve asked for it. now - ive seen this exploit before and honestly, its crazy how it works. even if phantom dosent directly say its for transactions, they **still** had a pin option, which i have it too and when logging into my phantom it dosent ask for it. just face id but when im making a transaction it dosent. also it has biometrics as immediate which, includes the pin. i **100% trust he is winning this case.** as this is a phantom user safety issue and its 3 million USD not 300$. judges would take this seriously including the FTC, they might take a look at phantom's user safety policies and settings. Now: should he get his money back? On one part it is his fault that he screenshared on his main PC, but the exploit was unknown till now plus, its mainly's phantoms fault for making him feel secure when he wasnt. most of yall would say "oh why didnt he buy a ledger" or blah blah but as OP mentioned **he wasnt in the US** , meaning he couldnt get one at the time. And yes, ive investigated this case and @farmedsol on twitter and boldy both lost over 7 figures due to the same issue, OP has shared app logs and yes the pin was enabled before the attack. another thing to point out is, **this had NOTHING to do with a seedphrase / phishing attack** this is a heavily sophisticated social eng attack, anyone could fall for this even the smartest traders since well they arent downloading or clicking anything just screensharing themselves trading, then boom all of it gone in a second using phantom Note For Phantom: i've had over 7 figures on your app, i myself thought that the pin option was a security for transactions etc but seeing this im moving to trust wallet / ledger and so are many others since op said hes already in contact with news agencies. Any questions just ask me here ill explain the whole attack and how it works. Have a good day & good luck!

People saying all you can do is go on, are the people enabling problematic things going on. I have no money in this, but if nobody takes the first step, then yeah, all you can do is move on.

Yeah, it won’t go anywhere and they’ll counter sue making you reimburse their legal fees. I hope you still have some Sol left to cover all the legal fees.

Ever heard of cold wallets ? Yeah that exists for a reason.

The issue is with your Zoom interaction with a scammer, allowing them to have remote access to your computer through a Zoom conversation. I wish you luck with your lawsuit, but I fear that you will have great difficulty finding a lawyer willing to take on such a large deep pocketed corporation when the source of the attack was unfortunately through your own misguided actions. Do you already have an attorney hired? If so, are they requiring a retainer from you? I don't know about you, but I myself would not likely be able to afford that retainer.

Why were you screen sharing in the first place?

I don't like kicking a man when they are already down but if you have large amounts of money in crypto buying a cheap Beelink computer that You Only Use For Crypto and NOTHING ELSE would have been a very wise choice. You can get them for a couple of hundred bucks on Amazon. Phantom wallet didn't cause this, You Did! Next time, have better OpSec.

you cooked yourself but gl

"phantom if you ghost this or any of my emails again, you will receive a class action lawsuit with MULTIPLE victims, plus im already in contact with wordwide news agencies." yeeeeah...... good luck with that anon [

There’s no way you’ll see that money. Sorry for your loss.

lol you mean you don't fall for scams AGAIN...

0 chance you can win this case. reality is you were being stupid and lost money. youre burning more money. gl but that‘s self-custody for you, if you have 300 sol somewhere that you cant afford to lose use a ledger, its like 50 bucks to protect 60k usd lmao

It’s ur fault

It is your own fault, not Phantoms. Take the loss and move on. Stop blaming others for your mistakes.

Thats on you, you won't win

Sue them all you want, you’ll go further in debt. You made a very expensive mistake. All you can do in my view is move on. Transactions are irreversible. If this happened with a bank account (actually happened to my coworker whose wife left the computer open with bank website logged in) the money would be gone too.

i have 42$ in phantom.. no one stole yet 🥂

The only secure solution is a cold hardware wallet, air-gapped or eventually not, who must be open hardware and FLOSS to be trusted. Unfortunately all on the market does not offer that. More important all the development is toward bad solutions to the point I suspect it's intentional, do avoid people being safe.

OP sorry for your loss. Frankly, with the amount of exploit and malicious activities I have read that involves phantom as far back as 2021 if I am not mistaken, it's shocking people still use phantom to manage large sums.

Share the video, no one understands what happened

You voluntarily gave someone access to your computer. I have the lowest confidence that a lawsuit would be successful based on that alone. If you’re inclined to keep $60,000 of crypto on a computer. Then it should be a computer dedicated solely to crypto storage - no browsing the internet, no downloading games, and no other activities.

Just do it then and stop threatening... you haven't because no one is going to take the case.

He posted this on Reddit because he knows they never opened his email😭.

I'm sorry for your loss mate Maybe you should just move on

If you feel like you will win this case, id say do it buddy! Don't let anyone hold you down.

The password is just for the browser, also why would you even keep 60k in a single wallet and why would you ever screenshare with a stranger where you main wallet is?

I read stuff like this all the time learn from others mistakes no zoom got it

I haven't seen it in this thread but do you at least have the wallet that stole it? Can't you report that to some people and at least blast the wallet all over the Internet as being a scammer, with enough work or time maybe someone could figure out their identity at least . Idk or help others not get scammed or find a way to scam them back

lol “worldwide news agencies”

Stop coping bro. Youre not gonna get even 1% back from phantom, everything that happened is on you, and scaring them with "lawsuit" is laughable at best, youll only loose more money on attorney fees

Now their farming my wally

Not much to say after reading all that, apart from offering [this advice](

Welcome to crypto lol.

Best advice i can think right now for you is just to check your cost offset and get some ''reconciliation'' money in your pocket (the doc from r\/DeFiGotchas is doing rounds right now and not sure how long this thing will last. Apart of that you can't do much.

Came here from another one of this guys threads that was removed. Random user with little to no understanding of crypto opsec claims to identify major exploit in top wallet. Billions of dollars are apparently at risk but no third party can verify random user’s claims. Random user has limited technical or legal knowledge but demands payment from phantom wallet, or else. This makes no sense.

they responded. GG. Don't get hacked next time. My condolences. But you cant seek for damage for something self-inflicted.

If someone had access to your computer - they likely had a macro that does everything automatically. “Withdrawal all funds to x account and confirm all popups blah blah blah blah” It’s your own fault you lost your funds. Why you would even have your crypto open while screen sharing anyone is hilarious. - let alone giving them access to your machine! 😂

If the attacker is still holding the usdc, your best bet is to have Circle freeze their coins by contacting law enforcement. Anyways use a hardware wallet next time.

Polska gurom!!!

In the United States, the legal principle is that individuals are responsible for safeguarding their own digital assets such as cryptocurrency. There is no statutory consumer protection comparable to that in the banking sector (e.g., Regulation E under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1693 et seq., which covers unauthorized electronic transfers in bank accounts, but does not apply to crypto wallets). If a person voluntarily grants a stranger remote access to their computer, and this access is then used to empty a wallet, U.S. law generally views this as gross negligence on the part of the victim. That does not reduce the criminal liability of the perpetrator, but it typically prevents the victim from claiming reimbursement from third parties (e.g., an exchange, insurer, or bank). Courts and regulators rely on the principle of assumption of risk: if you fail to protect your private keys or grant access recklessly, you are deemed to have exposed yourself to the loss. Unlike in traditional finance, there is no federal statute obligating exchanges or other intermediaries to refund stolen cryptocurrency unless they themselves were at fault (e.g., a data breach on their side). Relevant statutes / references: • Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA), 15 U.S.C. § 1693 et seq. – Provides reimbursement rights for unauthorized bank transfers, but does not cover cryptocurrency transactions. • Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA), 18 U.S.C. § 1030 – Establishes the criminal liability of the perpetrator for unauthorized access, but offers no compensation rights for the victim. • State tort law (negligence principles) – In civil cases, victims may be found to have acted with gross negligence if they voluntarily handed over control of their system, thereby forfeiting potential claims against third parties.

It wasn’t me. My account are all overdrawn or at zero. Wish I could help

Lawsuit or shut up, nobody here can help you.

Why were you screen sharing to begin with?, also keeping 60K worth of anything on a hot wallet alone is just insane.

Perhaps learn to use capital letters once in a while and maybe you have a chance to make it in this world.... LOL

Can be recovered if they touch a CEX

If i had that 65k id put it in a ledger or smthng

no wonder you got finesse’d if you thought that this would work 👍

Holy shit man, you goofed up. Don't make it someone else's problem, never let someone you don't know control your computer. It's an expensive lesson. Learn it and grow up.

lol dude thinks phantom is gonna actually do shit. Buddy cut your losses and move on.

I feel like Jestre is a scammer and is baiting people or making up a whole fake case to double his or hers money.

there is no one to blame but urself better invest ur time and energy in making that sol back rather than cry in court and get nothing

Its okay phantom cucked me around the same in troll right when it was blowing up. But in my case I took the L cuz i shouldn't know even opening something in a different browser with no wallet connected woulda got me. Now I just coinbase keep my holds there and trade on a different wallet I don't keep any big amounts on phantom coinbase actually makes me 2fa on any bigger movements

I support you 100%, f*** phantom, don't use phantom, use solflare

I can contest to phantom wallet as well. I transferred USDC from an exchange over to phantom wallet and it never arrived. I searched it on the blockchain and it’s basically there but never put in my wallet. I checked the address 100 times to make sure it was correct and it was and phantom told me it’s not there problem that I need to contact the exchange (Phemex) and they both are basically telling me to contact each other it’s really ridiculous and discouraging because how many other people has this happened to

this will be a big case, trust me. 3M+ USD stolen, not just 60k

The real reason for massive delays on seeker for the USA They didn’t get FCC clearance until August 20th

Yeah, not sure why they didn't just say that so people weren't badgering them. Oh well, as long as they are shipping now.

This was my post from the 16th just asking for clarity that blew up to 72k views.

SolanaMobile "Seeker Season" Officially Begins September 8th, 2025 **Source:** [ >**1/** You ordered. You waited. And now, it’s finally time. >Seeker Season officially begins September 8th 🧵👇 >**2/** We’re kicking off September with weekly featured dApps and exclusives just for Seekers. Each week, new dApps will introduce special rewards, early access, and benefits you’ll only find in the Solana dApp Store. >**3/** Curious about the kinds of activations you’ll find during Seeker Season? Here’s a preview: • Enhanced DeFi yields & trading rewards • Early access + boosts to mobile games • DePIN priority access & rewards • Exclusive social & payments features Exclusively on Seeker. >**4/** Solana is going mobile. With 100+ dApps in our store — and lots more coming soon! Seeker gives you direct access to everything the ecosystem has to offer. >**5/** It’s time to get ready. Set up your Seeker, claim your .skr domain, grab your Seeker Genesis Token — and start exploring those dApps. >**6/** Learn more about Seeker Season here [

Still waiting for my Seeker for this “Seeker Season”

This is wild, seeker season is in 1 week or so, and from reading the forum some/most people haven’t even received their orders yet.. lol 😂 wtf moment 😳 wild stuff, hope it’s all retro’d at least for their sakes!!

Mine arrives next week

Yep, ordered day one and received nothing yet.

mine arriving next week!

Got mine a week consolidation ago pumped to see what they bring out

Great that there will be **more cutting-edge apps,** excited to see **Special rewards** from ecosystem partners and **Enhanced benefits** that leverage Genesis Token and Seeker ID

What do you guys think of Juplend? Juplend now in Beta but it feels so off, especially this multiplier. You can just loop lend/borrow stable/stable and get to 40%+ apy on stables. Up to 150% on jlp/usdc. My gut says this is going to lead to crazy liquidations. People think this is risk free, ape in and then get liquidated once market drops a bit. Anyone doing this and has an explanation on why I should do this?

A lot of these APYs are juiced with early incentives and will come down in the near future

Yeah, your gut is right, looping stables with that kind of multiplier isn’t ‘free yield,’ it’s just leverage in disguise. The moment market conditions shift (rates change, peg wobbles, or liquidity thins), you’re exposed to cascading liquidations. That’s why it feels off: risk is being front-loaded but not visible unless you model stress scenarios. Juplend might be fun to test in beta with small amounts, but I wouldn’t treat it like a safe yield farm. High APY almost always = high hidden risk.

All these lending platforms risk cascading liquidations during a sharp market drop, as you noted, there are simply no methods to avoid this. So I agree: the higher the APY, the higher the risks. After that, it’s a matter of faith in the market and hoping that a 30-40-50% crash won’t happen (remember Luna in 2022 RIP)...

Gonna find out. Im keeping my ltv at or below 40%. Make sure u have capital in reserve in case the market decides to puke more than 60%. Should be fine lol. Im hoping there will be some kind of future rewards for early users.

Best of luck

Stick with Kamino

35% APY for sol using jupsol-sol is very juicy. No liq risk. Fully aped in.

SolanaFloor Podcast - Why Is Staking $SOL The Smartest Move In 2025?

Staking tokens is never a good choice at any time. I staked some SOL on a website in 2021, and now that website has shut down and I've lost all my SOL.

SolanaFloor Podcast - How Jup Lend Makes Earning on Solana Super Easy!

Lightspeed Podcast - Alpenglow: Solana's 100x Improvement

Accelerate With Mert Podcast - Austin Federa & Mateo Ward: Internet Cartels, High-Frequency Trading, and the New Internet | ACC 1.4

Brianna Migliaccio - How to test Solana Programs with Mollusk | Learn about the SVM Program Test Harness

What is the Solana Phone? Complete Guide to Saga and Seeker Devices

Solana didn’t launch a phone. It launched a movement.

One question is, why can't these functions be integrated into the iPhone as an app, but have to be made into a separate phone?

Building a community-driven scammer database & need your help! Hey everyone, Got tired of seeing the same scammers operate across different platforms with zero consequences. Started working on rugdex. Basically a Wikipedia for crypto scammers where we can all contribute and verify reports. The idea is simple: when someone Googles a sketchy wallet address or Twitter handle, our database shows up first with all the documented evidence. No more "is this address safe?" posts. Anyone can submit reports (need to register) Validators review and verify submissions Community builds reputation through accurate reporting Looking for people interested in becoming validators. You'd basically help verify incoming scam reports and build up the database. No technical skills needed, just good judgment. Eventually I might launch a token around it and pay out validators with trading fees, but first I want to build a solid database. (we have low submission now but I'll work on feeding data Site's at [rugdex.xyz]( if you want to check it out. Still building features but the core database & submission system is live. What do you think? Would this be useful for the community?

It's a useless fight, waste of time & money, you simply can't beat the blockchain. SCAMMERS will always use brand new wallets, deploy brand new tokens, shill it with the usual KOLS. You better put all these efforts into something else that really solve a rel use case.

I like this, similar to South Parks’ Troll Trace Program that the Danish were working on.

Great idea! Rugdex could be a game-changer for spotting crypto scams.

I think it's great what you're doing this, but at the same time it sounds like a never ending task. Are you prepared for that?

That’s actually a solid idea crypto needs a “Glassdoor for scammers.” Crowdsourced, verified, and open. Could save tons of newbies. Also, $WHITE from WhiteRock is tackling trust by bringing real-world assets on-chain, showing how legit projects should work.

I think it’s an awesome idea and really it’s been long overdue! Accountability and or transparency and more honesty online would be superb. As another commenter mentioned it may be a never ending task so gather yourself a good team who has similar interests and make it happen. It is the way of the future!!!!

Check DM bro

Great idea, let's see if it can go anywhere

Coinbase and Gemini main scammers

Sounds like a great idea. I've sent you a DM.

Pyth & Chainlink selected to deliver US Economic data on-chain. Will this drive Pyth to new heights? [View Poll](

Financial markets often price in events ahead of time. When news breaks, all the positive factors have already been reflected in the price.

Of course the key think is Pyth is a Solana based token!

The U.S. Commerce Department Will Begin Distributing GDP Data On Bitcoin, Ethereum, And Solana **Source:** [ >BREAKING: The U.S. Commerce Department will begin distributing GDP data on Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana 🔥🔥🔥 >Pyth Network will help verify economic data onchain. >More here from Bloomberg: >[

US GDP data on Bitcoin, Ethereum and Solana… wild times. Next quarter we probably see unemployment numbers on-chain too. Decentralize everything, even my taxes lol

I believe blockchain is transforming human society in the real world. In this massive transformation, the United States is undoubtedly leading the way.

Solflare Wallet - Opinions and What else do you want to see !! I want to hear your opinions on Solflare and I want to hear things you want to see from Solflare wallet !

my favorite solana wallet. hands down. i am biased but i've tried them all. solflare is THE solana wallet.

Much better than phantom that's for sure

Would be great if the earn tab can be accessible from the mobile app and not just the browser

I’d like to see native mobile browser integration, there is an old wallet called Glow that had this years ago and I still use it to this day because that native browser integration is so sweet. No need to open the wallet app and use the shitty browser built into that or switch apps mid workflow, you can just connect to dapps in your normal Safari or Chrome browser via plugin. It’s a much smoother integration, it makes it feel like crypto is part of your daily life instead of an app you open to do crypto things and then close when you’re done. I think that kind of integration could go a long way towards adoption.

A good wallet but the logo and the font used is horrible

Bring more bridge capabilities

I'm a gigantic fan of solflare. The single biggest killer feature it has is the full screen display. I run it in a pinned tab 24/7. Feature I'd love? Offer PWA support so I can have it running as an "app". Honestly though no complaints on my end. The rebrand took a little time to get used to but the user interactions etc. are all pretty spot on, as an FE dev myself hats off to the dev team of solflare you guys have done a great job. Now to make it the best "wallet" and not just the best Solana wallet I'd love to see some more integrations of course.

I only use for developer not in my daily. I will bring one opportunity 🙌🏻

using Solflare daily for the last 3.5 years… never had any issues and it works smooth, unlike other Solana wallet which are a bit laggy. I even moved from telegram bots, because Solflare’s auto slippage works super great for sniping tokens and is more secure than tg bots. Looking forward for the card. Hope we see perps soon

Privacy transactions that goes through some tornado cash service

Give us an option to delete previously sent addresses from our recents when sending, I always feel like I'm defusing a bomb when I send over solana and having to make sure I don't click the wrong address.

A graph of my balance over time, instead of just for the prices of each asset!

Maybe try to find a way to minimize the dust attacks ? Or at least don’t show the address that sent the dust just so we don’t mess up and send money to them

I stopped using it after I saw loading issues while on VPN

For some reason my Phantom extension stopped being able to read my balance so I switched over to Solflare. Works fine for me. All wallets are the same imo. I don't notice any difference that matters other than that Phantom stopped working but Solflare still does. Biggest change seems to be that Phantom is purple while Solflare is yellow.

I have always used phantom from the moment I got into solana and never switched to Solflare, Backpack, Jupiter etc. Am I a boomer or is phantom fine?

High Fees, Pay to add a Token 😭🤣 in staying with Phantom

Where's the pizza delivery button ?

I’d love to see SolFlare wallet disclose the exact fees it takes with every transaction / Swap in the name of transparency. It’d be great if it became the first crypto wallet to actually do that.

solflare is good and secure unlike phantom because I got hacked

Lombard Yield-bearing Bitcoin, now available natively on Solana. * Lombard Finance just launched LBTC on Solana, enabling yield-bearing Bitcoin with \~1% APY in the ecosystem. * LBTC, already holding $1.5 billion across Ethereum, Base, and Sui, expands Bitcoin DeFi to Solana's high-speed chain. * Users can now stake BTC natively, swap cbBTC at 1bps fees via Meteora, or bridge from Ethereum using LayerZero. * Integrate LBTC into perps on Drift, lending on Jupiter and Kamino for better capital efficiency. * This follows LBTC's recent expansions to Tezos L2 Etherlink in July and Sui in March, boosting Bitcoin's role in multi-chain DeFi [

News candles never hold long.

Star Atlas Open-Sources Star Frame: A Game-Changer for Solana Developers! 🚀 Hey r/solana community! Star Atlas just dropped some exciting news: they’ve open-sourced **Star Frame**, a powerful new framework for building complex, secure, and scalable Solana programs! 🎉 Born from the challenges of creating their massive space MMO, Star Frame is now available for all Solana devs to supercharge their projects. Here’s the lowdown: # What is Star Frame? Star Frame is a modular, trait-based framework designed to make Solana program development faster, safer, and more flexible. It tackles the technical hurdles of building sophisticated apps on Solana, offering tools like: * **Unsized Type System**: Dynamic, zero-copy data structures (lists, maps, sets) for efficient handling of complex data, like player inventories or DeFi order books. * **Account Set Lifecycle**: A 3-stage process (Decode, Validate, Cleanup) for secure and reliable account validation. * **Trait-based Abstraction**: A customizable toolbox of reusable components, letting devs adapt or extend functionality without sacrificing performance. # Why It Matters Star Frame is built on three core principles: * **Modularity**: Plug-and-play components for endless use cases. * **Performance**: Near-zero-cost abstractions to maximize Solana’s high-speed runtime. * **Safety**: Compile-time validation to reduce errors and boost security. The framework builds on the foundation laid by tools like Anchor, with benchmarks showing improved flexibility and efficiency for complex programs (check out the Anchor bench reimplementation at # Get Started with Star Frame Star Atlas is giving back to the Solana ecosystem by making Star Frame fully open-source. Here’s how you can dive in: * **Source Code**: [ * **Rust Crate**: [ * **Docs**: [ * **Build Page**: [ # Why This is Huge for Solana Star Frame empowers devs to push past Solana’s current limitations, enabling everything from advanced DeFi apps to next-gen gaming experiences. As Star Atlas continues to build their Unreal Engine 5-powered MMO, they’re sharing the tools that made it possible, helping the entire Solana community level up. *Source:* [*

Best Solana mixer to improve privacy? I see a lot of sniper track me on pump fun, even when I moved funds to other wallet, I'd like to mix my SOL, but don't know how/where looking for suggestion.

Good question, me personally I just use PrivacyCash, but most of my money I just swap using FFIO from SOL to XMR, then swap back in different quantities to SOL and different wallets. Not sure what you’re running? I run xTracker snipers and arbitrage bots on prediction markets, so the PnL is close to 300k a month, which is good to cover tax as well xd.

If you find one, I want update. Things like tornado cash are often banned so good luck.

MishMasher

HoudiniSwap is what I use

What are snipers?

cross chain bridges

SOL didn’t get tracked. Your wallet did.

Just buy dead coins and farm them until they hit 0. They will stop.

always freshies

Can’t suggest mixers since they’re tied to shady stuff and get flagged hard. If privacy matters, you’re better off with chains designed for compliance plus confidentiality. That’s why I keep watching WHITENET, it’s aiming to handle RWA and privacy in a cleaner way.

Bonknado cash, not sure if they are fully released yet but they are on the seeker d'Apps and X.

Most mixers on Solana are either dead or super shady right now, so be really careful. A safer route might be using bridges + fresh wallets. For solid projects, I’m watching WhiteRock and White Network since they’re working on compliant rails could be huge once privacy layers come in.

You can also use Oridion.xyx. it's the cheapest way. The contract is verified and has been around for years.

Maybe this is a shitty idea, but I would send the money to Coinbase, then sent it right back out in 2-3 transactions to a new wallet

Solana Breakpoint Abu Dhabi Considering attending Breakpoint in Abu Dhabi. Any recommendations whether it is worth it? I'm not a dev, more looking for alpha, educational panels on future of sol, blockchain, crypto investments etc and maybe live airdrops? Should coincide with a raging bull I hope, that would be an insane vibe.

Ohhhh, I hope I can make it to the next one 🙌🏻. Not ready to pay for this one yet. Enjoy it if you go, and please share your experience afterwards!

I submitted the form to get a dev discount a couple of months ago and didn't hear back. Anyone manage to get their discount?

Live airdrops lol

lost Trojan wallet, can see the coins I started trying to use a trading bot months ago and kind of forgot about this when trojan support never got back to me. When i typed /start it showed me an address that I sent SOL to. Then, for some reason, it changed to only show an actual W1 wallet in the bot. the W1 wallet is 1 character different from the address where i sent SOL, and i can still see the original wallet in solscan with the coins. If i use the private key that i got the first time around, it only imports the new wallet which does not hold my SOL. im not super crypto savvy so assuming i did something wrong and the actual coins. if anyone knows what might have happened i kind of just want to know why that first wallet seemed to disappear from the bot, getting the coins back would be a nice bonus.

You likely interacted with a scam trading bot. It first showed you a fake deposit address (controlled by scammers), then switched to a near-identical “W1” wallet to confuse you. That’s why your private key only pulls up the empty wallet, not the one holding your SOL. Sadly, the SOL is gone—you don’t control that address. The only solution is to stop using the bot, secure your real wallets, and never trust bots with deposits again.

Unfortunately you've been scammed, trading bot ai advertised by TikTokers are always scams, if someone programs something that will make you a millionaire, why would they share it with random strangers for free? Tiktok is full of bullshit, there's a bunch of scams happening on tiktok and the tiktok mods don't take it down because they don't know what "sol bot" means, if they don't know what it is, why would they bother? The only way to make a trading AI that isnt a scam is to program it yourself. It could take months of trial and error to program it, you would be better off learning and trading manually

People using a trading bot literally named trojan clearly never experienced bitconnect ethertanks and bitpetite first hand

You try to contact the dev team from the bot ?

Bro, I totally get you. Let me share my experience. I saw a presentation about the **Trojan wallet** on YouTube. I searched for the wallet on Telegram, but unfortunately, I ended up using a fake Trojan. The fake Trojan had an identical profile picture, interface, and operation process to the real one. I deposited **0.2 SOL**, and then I was scammed. I can never get my SOL back.

If You Truly Care About Solana, You Should Care About A Major Protocol Change Of This Magnitude (AlpenglowAMA) I’ve stayed away from this sub for a while because of the low quality of most threads, but now the real deal is finally here, and no one seems to be asking questions about the biggest Solana update! If you truly care about Solana, you should care about a protocol change of this magnitude. [ I’m not a developer or a technical expert, but a probable change of this scale should make everyone pay close attention to the outcome of the vote, whether it’s **YES** or **NO**.

Good point. **Alpenglow** is a major protocol change & everyone is Solana ecosystem should keep a close eye on it even if you have 0 developer background. This change (if passed) will make Solana x100 better / faster than what it is now, it's huge deal indeed.

I second that. I had stepped away from this subreddit for a while because of all the nonsense posts. It’s great to finally see a solid AMA here focused on Solana’s core development. Heading there to ask a question about this core change in Solana.

Solana getting to 100ms finality and 1 MILLION TRANSACTIONS PER SECOND is a paradigm shift for crypto beyond comprehension.

Could probably use a brief explainer even if not from a professional: What’s the tl;dr and pros/cons?

Is there any mature or authoritative interpretation of this upgrade? I just started learning Solana and I don't quite understand it.

150 millisecond finality seems pretty ambitious. It takes 130 milliseconds for a single pulse to travel to the opposite point on earth and back at the speed of light.

Wallet as a Service on Solana: 5 Practical Tips for Choosing an Infrastructure Partner

SIMD Vote Status - Live Tracking Of Voting For "Alpenglow"

Introducing Solana Bench: How well can LLMs build complex transactions?

Would be great to have an MCP for all things Solana so the model is always up to date.

Earning yield while trading perps? Backpack makes it possible 🎒 Been testing out Backpack Exchange lately and one feature really stood out — you actually earn yield while trading perps. ✅ Stablecoin APY ✅ Stake your SOL ✅ Lend your assets No transfers, no lock-ups, no extra steps. Just deposit into your perp account and it auto-earns. Basically your idle margin isn’t wasted anymore. I’ve shared my experience here — would love to hear if anyone else is using it and how it compares for you. 👉 If you’re curious, we discuss more tips and updates in r/Backpack_official

Nice ChatGPT ad armani

Backpack is a great exchang. I’ve tried it myself, the only downside for now is the limited number of listed tokens, but I hope that expands in the coming months.

why would you choose that lame APYs in unknown coins if Kamino is giving around 11% on USDC? Binance too if you prefer non-custodial.

SOL is dead, like DOGE. ETH will not be in 10k

JUPITER LEND PUBLIC BETA NOW UP

Solana Seeker – did anyone actually get an invoice? Kinda weird question, but I never got a proper invoice with my Seeker. I’d like to write it off for taxes — has anyone here actually received an invoice with their order? Or is there some hidden way to grab one?

Can you get one from your email receipt or the solana site?

Probably best to lodge a ticket with support via the website, or visit their discord and follow the link there to the support page.

Backpack Portfolio APY dashboard is really good, traders need to check it out

How do Solana bundle scams work? I noticed a few wallets that bundle a token with +80% of the supply, snipe it and end up either pulling out liquidity or selling their portion, dumping the token rendering them technically worthless. I also noticed the price usually pumps more than 2x before they rug (sometimes more than 5x), so my question is - how are these wallets making money doing this process? And can I catch any part of this pump before they eventually rug? Even 10-20% does it for me.

youll always lose money dont bother „technically useless“ it‘s not just technically useless bro the money is made by ppl like you thinking they can „just make 10-20%“ but then youre up 30-50% still not taking profit until youre down -99.9

Yes you can maybe profit, if you don’t profit then they’ll profit.

Pumping = no one was buying Dips = someone bought

Trying convince my wife to let me buy a Solana Seeker over a standard hardware wallet. What makes it better? Hi, so me and the wife are in a slightly tight, but liveable financial situation. We have low 4 figure disposable income monthly. I'd like to know what are the advantages of owning a Solana Seeker over, say, a trezor model t or a blockstream hardware wallet instead? Is there something that I am missing from the YouTube reviews that I have seen? Im looking forward to your replies.

If you’re trying to convince your wife with Reddit? lol!

Become a man and just ask permission from her boyfriend already

Seedvault on Seeker only supports solana as it is built specifically for it. Other hardware wallets support multiple chains. So ultimately depends on the security you want for a single chain v multiple.

Multi-cold wallets plus seeker here. If you are active in crypto AND a Sol bull just buy it. Better to beg forgiveness than ask permission. If you just need a cold wallet buy tangem.

Buy it for the airdrops, not for wallet/phone

You need permission? wtf dude.

You don’t need one though??

the main advantage I see is that it looks like a phone and not a hardware wallet. I personally would stick with the trezor because I dont travel much and the hardware is less complicated and less likely to break.

Good luck getting one shipped to you. 3 weeks into start of shipping and they only sent out 10% of the 150k pre orders. So if you didnt pre order, be prepared to wait till next year

I'm sure her boyfriend would do a better job

Just use an airgap hardware wallet if you're building wealth

See the responses in the following thread with similar question.

Seeker’s better if you want mobile Solana apps and easy staking

Should i get a new Seed or better that one who the Preorder Token is.

Solana Seeker isn’t just a wallet. It’s a vibe.

the only reason why you're posting here is because you've already decided you're getting the phone but just need validation from the solana community. get the phone, enjoy it. airdrops will likely reduce the intial cost of the phone.

It's a waste of money, spend it on more SOL and just use a phantom wallet until you have a good chunk to throw in a Trezor or other cold wallet of your choosing.

In your situation I’d pass on the seeker. Invest that money in stocks or blue chip crypto.

Wdym convince your wife? Only reason she might object is if you need to pick food over hardware wallet and then that’s on you my boss.

If you just want a hardware wallet, get a hardware wallet cheaper. Everything else that can be done on the seeker can be done on a normal Android phone. The seed vault is what really sets it apart, but it only supports the Solana chain. I ordered for the airdrop potential and the hardware wallet before I realized I did it too late and missed a bunch of airdrops. If you wanna be a part of something cool, grab the seeker.

When you have to convince your wife....well, how did it come to that ? You're the man. Man up.

Order Flow Profile on Solana with Backpack 🚀

Name one other chain where DeFi, gaming, and mobile actually work today Serious question. No drama. I've been using Solana regularly, and what stands out is how much just works across different use cases: * DeFi apps are fast and usable without needing to bridge anything. * NFT trading feels instant and cheap. * There are actually mobile-native apps that don't feel like clunky web wrappers. * Even the gaming stuff earn something in-game, list it immediately. No extra steps. It’s all in one place. One wallet. One chain. No switching networks, no waiting around, no guessing gas fees. Not saying it’s perfect, but I haven’t found another chain where all of these verticals are live, active, and *usable* right now. So, if there’s another chain doing DeFi, gaming, and mobile at this level today, I’d genuinely like to hear about it.

That's a great take bud and I fully agree but try posting this in r/eth or r/blockchain if you want people to really challenge your opinion.

Faster, cheaper, better adoption, monthly revenues, total developers. The fact it is still a fraction of ETH market cap, for example, says a lot about where the alpha lies.

Right now Sol’s definitely leading in that “all-in-one” feel. But I think White Network is lining up to be that next chain WHITENET as gas plus RWA, DeFi, and real apps baked in from the start

what are the DeFi apps you use? what mobile-native apps are you using? What games are you earning in?

I tried but it’s only possible on Solana

Yeah there's nothing that comes close on a clean L1 And if the fire dancer comes out it's really game over

One other big thing no one talks about: hacks. On EVM chains hacks happen constantly. On solana you rarely hear about hacks. A big part of this is that the Rust based VM is just inherently more secure.

Honestly? If you're looking at chains that actually deliver across DeFi, gaming, and mobile today not hype, not testnets, not “coming soon” tweets—it’s Solana. Let’s break it down: 🔹 DeFi Protocols like Jupiter, Kamino, and MarginFi are live, fast, and liquid. No bridging, no L2 juggling, no wrapped assets. Just click, swap, done. It’s real usage not just TVL sitting in dead contracts. 🔹 Gaming Games like Aurory, Mini Nations, and Star Atlas are fully on-chain. Earn something in-game? List it on Tensor in seconds. Mini Nations alone was doing 1M+ daily transactions, live on mainnet. 🔹 Mobile Solana has an actual **mobile stack**—not just dApps in a browser shell. The Saga Chapter 2 phones, plus native apps like Phantom, Backpack, and Dialect, are optimized for real mobile use, with seed vaults and native signing. It’s legit the only chain with a proper dApp store and full-stack mobile support. 🔹 And the best part? **One wallet. One chain. Everything just works.** No network switching. No MetaMask layers. No surprise gas fees. It feels like using an app—not hacking together a blockchain. You tell me another chain that has all this live and working at the same time in 2025. Because I’ve looked and most are either missing a piece, or still in beta land. Not saying Solana’s perfect, but right now? It’s the only one that actually shipped the full stack. Drop names if you've got 'em. Would genuinely love to check out anything else that's *this complete.*

tag me to come back here when someone shows up saying ‘Ethereum…on L2…with 4 bridges’

Phantom wallet is S-tier as well

Lightspeed Podcast - Are DATs Bullish For Solana? | Carlos Gonzalez Campo

Solandy - Pausable Tokens [Solana Tutorial] - Jul 29th '25

Solana / Validated PodCasts - Prop AMMs, MEV, and the Realities of Solana's Roadmap w/ Connor (Temporal) and Brennan Watt (Anza) | Solana

Which product would you pay 1 SOL for? It is interesting what the community considers worthy to pay in 1 SOL. I am referring to products in the Solana ecosystem. As an example, I would pay for dashboards that allow me to fully control all actions with my portfolio. I am interested in your opinion.

uhm pay 1 SOL to get 10 SOL back 😎

I would pay 1 SOL for two SOL

I would pay 1 mSOL

I would never waste sol

Giga Fitness Performance Hat

Anyone aware of an established flash loan pool I could use with solana? Basically what the title says. I want to be able to borrow a lot of sol and return it (plus a small fee if necessary) within a single transaction. What’s my best bet?

pick a lending protocol, find their github, search for the word flashloan. rinse and repeat until you find what you’re looking for.

does solend and Port Finance both support flash loans? borrow up to available pool liquidity and repay + fee in the same transaction. i think you may need a small program (anchor or raw) that calls their flash-loan instruction, does your trade, then repays. port finance has some docs at developer/interacting-with-port-finance-via-rust

First ever Solana Live - ThreadGuy Interviewing Emmett Hollyer (SolanaMobile GM), Joseph Onorati, Anatoly Yakovenko & Ansym

Built a game that is free to play play to earn on solana, i want to contribute a % of my equity to solana to help support the ecosystem. i am not sure the rules if i can post link i will... but i am seeking eyes thats all. we have over 2k players and a proven flywheel system in place.

the ticker is not launched, so no i am not asking you to buy anything. i am build a legit ecosystem and i want to contribute a % of my earnings to solana when im large enough to help boost the value of solana.

That’s fire — giving back to the chain you’re building on makes the project way stronger. You could either donate to the Solana Foundation, fund open-source devs, or back ecosystem grants. Also worth peeping how WHITENET handle value loops they reinvest into growth of the chain itself, keeping rewards and support cycling back into users. Might be a solid model to follow.

Send sol to a dead wallet

Really fun game, have been monitoring dev for a while.He is actually trying to build something legit.Check him out on pump.fun or X

How can I start or be a Part of it?

Did you vibe code it using Claude ? Not so long ago I coded a dashboard for trading and Claude coded it using the same theme, colors and thin borders, and fonts

It's actually a very fun game, I like it! Some polish here and there and it can compete with big studios. And the idea behind is superior. If the trenches pick that up it will be a nobrainer like Pi. Anyways DYOR and make your own picture :)

r/place on solana: place your pixel 👀

Billion-dollar Solana deal: crypto firms aim to build largest SOL reserve ever

Can't wait, Sol has only 20% market cap of Eth, big money moved Eth by 1X , imagine what happens if that amount of money comes to Sol. That's exciting.

Solana will never fail baby !

Sounds like market top kind of news to me.

Solana ETF's approval next two months and these other players getting in now, Solana will be $500 and hold steady by Q2 2026!

Looking for solana dev

You may always try a bounty in [

You probably found one

The Transfer Hook extensions for Token 2022 is what you will be looking for

I just send you a message 🙌🏻🌕

Anyone here farming 20-30% on Solana stablecoins? Curious how sustainable this is Today, I’ve been poking around Solana DeFi and noticed some platforms offering 10-30% APY on stables (plus airdrop points on top). A few I came across: 1. Huma Finance - ~10% fixed, and you earn “feathers” for their Season 2 airdrop. 2. Hylo - 15%+ APY by minting HyloUSD, also farming XP (token not live yet). 3. Flash Trade - Around 19% APY on stable pool, they already dropped $FFF. 4. Rate-X - Lets you boost yield by staking LPs from the above, showing ~32-60% APY depending on the pool. On paper this looks amazing, especially compared to TradFi yields. But I’m wondering: are these rates actually sustainable, or is it just short-term incentives? Anyone here farming on these? Would love to hear your experiences.

Lots of speculative answers in this thread. Let me give you a bit more info on each of them. Huma: tokenized short term loans/accounts receivables to trad businesses. There is inherent counterparty risks but all pooled together so potential defaults are spread. Hylo: algorithmic stablecoin, meaning backed by SOL. People still have PTSD from UST/Luna collpase. Hylo is designed differently with some safety measures but still should sol price collapse quickly and significantly (ca 30%+) your stables are at risk. Flash: apy will move with trading activity but relatively secure Rate x: looping and staking carry inherent risks if you lever up to much. If borrow cost rise more than lending yields your apy comes down quickly. Hope this helps. Every project carries its own risks. Always research before you deploy capital. In general the higher the apy the more inherent risks; that’s where tradfi and defi do not differ.

Real 10% APR can happen among very small TVL protocols. They can pay it because their TVL is small. Anything above it often means temp volatility or they are doing some fugazi leveraged loop games/accounting. For example, they will say your “implied APR” includes their token. But often their token hasn’t launched. So they do fugazi prediction on their token FDV to fudge up some pre-TGE price for token and adds it into the APR. often, their fugazi predictions end up at least 2x to 3x overestimated on what really happens in market.

Those 20–30% numbers almost always come from token incentives not organic demand. Real sustainable yield on stables is closer to what borrowers will actually pay maybe 5–10% anything above that is effectively a marketing expense funded by emissions or airdrop points it can be great if you treat it as short term bonus yield but it vanishes once the incentive program dries up so think of it less like a bond and more like a startup promo the risk is not just smart contract bugs but also that the exit doors get crowded when rewards drop

Lol over 10% is sus as hell bro

If you're getting more than 5%, there's always a catch or it's not sustainable. But it's worth it if youre careful, spend the time, and have enough cash.

I've been using hylo and ratex, both seem solid. Flash trade also looks good.

Faf is legit. I've been using it for the past couple of months. It's similar to Jupiter, Drift etc but lower fees and it redistributes the generated fees among stakers so it's not just printed out of thin air. Also they have no team allocation, they make revenue and with that revenue they buy back their own token.

They are not sustainable. Either the underlying asset (points, feathers,etc) have small market caps and can crash at any moment wiping out your gains, or the pools suffer liquidity issues when one side of the equation devalues rapidly. Please look at the literally hundreds of thousands of people who lost everything in Celsius, FTX et al just a few years ago. Most of them were just trying to get single digit returns. You may get lucky, but the odds are that you'll get burned .

use kamino finance and usds-usdc pool, usds rewards make it around 8-12% apy and most safe platform

It's arguably safer to do 300 on volatiles than 30 on stables. It's often easier to analyze the risk of a memecoin than that of a new stablecoin.

Que puder me ajudar a ativar a carteira na Brave. Deposita uns centavos de Solana pra mim. 6uo1gHbMCf7KiqkQzZW5kHcaRcU5gMxnpeL4MYCnRRaZ

Be careful I fall for this with Luna scam DEFI kingdom.

Jupiter Lend also launched today with stables incentives. I use Lulo and Defi Carrot

While on the topic of high APY how is Cosmo able to have such a high APY?

"if it's too good to be true it is" Never fails to hold true... Promo rates / teaser rates are a thing, and that's all anything above 9% is.

Yes I am using [stabble.org]( since they went live last year. Small TVL with relative high volume and good APY.

Kamino is the only Sol Defi that i will use.

Good morning—just wanted to shill a true $bitty OG here. The cabal sits at $16M, pushing for a Binance listing and calling themselves “OG,” but the real OG was minted right before them and it’s only at $50K. bwSjaSfaUW8jBfwiH3K1HWKUxQPEvQN8bc3kur2pump

Solana Meme coins are ruining my outlook on life. I'd like to start off by saying that I'm making pretty good money on meme coins, but I'm realizing that it's sucking the joy out of my life. I'm not looking for pitty, I'm simply writing this for someone that might need to hear it, or is experiencing what I am and needs "a sign" to quit. It started about 4 years ago, off and on, I've jumped into meme coins because a friend of mine always drew me back in. Interestingly enough, I've made more money than he has because he's always looking for that next "billion dollar mc coin", and in his mind, this is the only way he'd be able to get out of his money struggles. While I sell 60%-70% along every x10 or x20 I get, he always watches it crash to $0, and I constantly tell him to take profits along the way, yet he never listens. This is one sign that made me realize this game is unhealthy (more to come) I'm noticing more than ever that I'm starting to get obsessed with money, and even though I've made more than I ever ever have, I'm the least happy I've ever been in my life. A while back I was working on animation projects as a side hustle, even got a free-lance job with a big car manufacturer, and made 10k from it. This happened during one of my breaks from meme coins, and I was proud of myself for the accomplishment, and I had a vision and well though out goal to continue with it, until my friend pulled me back in (I know it's not his fault, it's mine) Now I've been chasing money through meme coins instead of working on projects I'm passionate about. I have a good job, make about 85k a year, which ain't bad, even got a promotion recently, but I'm realizing that instead of being grateful for what I have, I'm constantly chasing more money through meme coins and I'm never satisfied. When I'm up $$, I'm stressed. When I'm down a bit, I'm stressed. When I make 3k, I'm stressed that I didn't put in more, then I'm stressed all night looking at the chart hoping not to lose what I made so far. Instead of playing with my son, I'm looking for my "next good purchase". Instead of writing music, I'm looking at charts. Instead of making animations, I'm obsessed with making more gains. It's literally sucking the joy out of the little things in life that made me happy before. Today is the day im leaving this headache behind. I'm going back to working on projects, making money through things I'm passionate about. It might be a slower process, but perhaps that will give me the time to come back to earth and appreciate life again, appreciate the time I have left here. I'm honestly super depressed and anxious because of this addiction. So, if you're reading this and feel like I do, do yourself a favor and join me in quitting this depressing life-style. Focus on your goals, your passions, your family, your mental state. I feel that these gains aren't worth more than the life I'm neglecting. Perhaps I'd have a full time job as an animator if I kept going in the right path, perhaps I'd have a better career if I focused on growing as an individual instead of growing my bank account. I'm going back to enjoying the little moments with my son. I'm going back to living again, and this time I'm never looking back...One love.

Just buy bitcoin and go to sleep dawg

you should probably stop on memecoins and invest in majors longterm. than u will have gains, but dont have to stress all the time

What you’re describing is the hidden cost of meme coins, they don’t just drain wallets they hijack attention and rewire your brain around constant dopamine hits the real win is noticing that and stepping off before it eats more of your time and relationships chasing short term highs rarely compounds but skills projects and family moments do and those give a steadier kind of wealth that doesn’t crash overnight

This game is for degens, and reading your post you clearly are not one. You made the right choice to move on so go live your life, play with your kido, go watch the sunset next weekend, buy yourself an ice cream or a beer or whatever you like. And yes, buy bitcoin or SOL or whatever other chain you believe in and don’t check those stupid graphs every hour. We are here for the long run, mate.

This is deep.. I think many people stuck in same place, also the game is kindoff rigged lately, only insiders are making bucks

Damn, bro. Did't you learn how to write in school? Paragraphs are your friend. Who TF actually buys MEME coins? lol. Just buy SOL and Stake your SOL like the rest of us do. It ain't sexy or give you massive gains but we don't lose money EVER.

I feel your post deeply. I would say it's akin to a gambling problem. Mostly the part of gambling that changes the way you see and value money has changed. I had my own fallout and when I look back I think wtf I was moving so much $$ around and never actually sat to think what I am doing. Only after enjoying real hard labor did I find a way to reacquaint myself with the value of the dollar. I think you covered that in your post. You'll get your life back once you stop and you'll be happier long term. Just think...the train of easy money has to stop at some point. You could do it forever, but most don't because it's really hard. Like < 1-3%? of ppl could do it for a constant win. Even then they are likely not trading memes daily and need to pay attention to the market influxes and change their program/bots to match.

how much did you earn from meme coins

Almost every day and swing trader gets into this zone. If you don't want to trade just invest and hold long. As you can see from the people that does this for a living in institutions, they are always high-strung. This is just survivor guilt and remorse. Now you want to save people. You can still trade but just make conscientious effort to decompress and detach. Don't always need to be staring at charts.

Brother it’s good news you can just hold sol and not gamble on meme coins. Stack sol and pray for 1k

it’s your time to take your money out and put it into something that’s less volatile but still grows you’ve made your money if you have made a decent amount it’s time to quit before you lose it all

Tell your friend to put everything he got here: 7mfMfzrf1tmAzdy2L4dAZDGgDtLhPEcJ48r1f7yEdA6P so next time he won't drew you back.

Don’t chase money. I have also lost more then I’ve ever won but I won with investing in buying the seeker. There are different strengths in crypto. You always stand to loose against the someone who gains.

New guys are the funniest. And worst.

i agree on this, ive been a full time trader for more than a year now and its the most stressful life ever. i made more money than I could ever make in my life and got set for retirement already, but man I an glad when this cycle is over and I can just buy btc in bear this is the most toxic & unhealthy space

That’s a powerful realization. Chasing memes can drain more than it gives, even with wins. I respect you stepping back. I lean toward projects like WHITENET because it feels healthier knowing the value comes from real use, not hype.

Buy things like Solana pyth and Raydium and just leave it alone Memes are not for everyone Happiness is more important

That's deep

Yeah it sounds like you need to get into solid investments 401k style, or stable coins. Not even day trading, look into swing trading or growth and dividend stocks. It’ll feed that itch, pad your retirement, and you don’t have to look at screens 24/7.

Holy fucking yap

The mental cost of crypto is something many people don't acknowledge.

Bro this is a gambling addiction and you need to address it head-on. Stop trading shitcoins and start to save your money, or just buy blue chips and hold them.

At least you’re not a dev

Bro, meme coins will be here forever. It's a gamble when you get involved with them. Stay away, buy Solana and BTC and you will be fine.

Getting my first 100x ruined my outlook on life as well. 1 sol became 100sol

Check out alpsnipesbot on Telegram! Scans all newly liquid tokens being minted and buys then for you instantly. Trades are pre set by the parameters you input to the bot including take profit and stop loss. Pretty good bot overall had less burns compared to Axiom, Photon and Pump.

You're making money on meme coins but you're not happy?. I lost all my money on meme coins, be grateful 🙏

Hype as the major, fuckcoin as the minor and sleep

I feel you man, especially when you get involved with telegram and X communities… it’s literally all you do on your free time. At least for me anyways. Im hoping after this bull run I’ll have enough to step aside for a while and start building something in the field instead of relying on trying to find the next 100x

Thats why its called the meme coin CASINO ! Its gambling ! With a side of card counting for those who are smart enough

Buy $vine. Forget crypto. Do ya side hustle. Sell vine on 2045

You’re addicted it’s pretty simple stop the daily trading pick a undervalued gem and just buy and hold come back in a month

You are joking right ?

Upcoming bear market will help slow your roll.

sound like a pussy this is that taxing on you jesus

Discipline applies to everything. No matter what you change, you gonna feel the same if you don’t have accountability

I almost lost my life after blowing up my $50k earnings on NFT games last 2021. For context, I live in the Philippines (3rd world) and that amount can provide me a decent house already on province with a lot as well. I'm glad I didn't. I'll be back on doing crypto once I get some funds, but this time, I'm wiser than before.

Slow and steady wins the race. You will tank your account that way.

Try out a sniper bot so you dont lose to bots and bundlers. Check out alpsnipesbot / alpsnipes on Telegram. Custom bot built on Rust. It has an automated sniping feature with filters so you dont buy the ruggy and scummy ones.

Wish you the best I’m still quite early in my experience with meme coins, but I’m at the point where I get you

It sounds like you've made the right decision for yourself. If you still wanna invest on the side, stable coins would probably be more your gig. Meme coins ain't for everyone, and realising this instead of maintaining a lifestyle/job that doesn't suit you, shows you stand above the money in the first place.

memecoins are ruining everything in cryptocommunity actually

Dumb question but how is this done

This feeling will be gone soon because you ll handle it better with time. Just see this memecoin craze as a fun thing that you do ALONGSIDE your family/work/personal projects and nothing more, especially if you take profits from it, which is not the case for 99% of Memecoin traders like your friend😅 Keep not being over exposed and just have fun. Fam and health are way more important than money, dogs and cats pictures ... Personaly i hate memecoins, pumpfun etc even if i build tools for it lol... it ruined crypto and i miss 2013-17 period. Good Luck 💪

buy a ledger port split 70% btc 30% eth and hide it somewhere in the house

Full long sol and you will be good for life fam🫶🏻

welcome to crypto

Your fault for looking and hooking in the first place. The internet has all kinds of distractions. More like Lookout. 😂

I’m trying to build a community to change this narrative and have a real outside chance at creating something real. For the good guys. By the good guys. Something that the every day man can build / hold / and hope that he has a chance to play the game that all the big players get to play. GG - Moonshot.

how to active seeker in china？ how to active seeker in china？ when update show couldn't download

The exchange is like - " You have no power here "

Pantera Capital Seeks $1.25 Billion for Solana Investment Vehicle

Solana Seeker Phone. Why? Hi. I was wondering if someone could please explain to me what exactly the Solana phone is and why it's useful over just your typical android smartphone. I don't completely understand why someone would want this so I was hoping someone here could enlighten me. Thanks.

It's not a technological leap forward in phones, at all. However it does two things IMO. 1. Supports web 3 adoption, the Solana community, and a new concept in users being rewarded (air drops). 2. It has an integrated wallet that is segregated from the phone, adding an extra layer of protection for your wallets.

The Solana Seeker is the new Web3 smartphone from Solana Mobile. On the surface it works like a regular Android phone, but it has a few features built in that make it very different if you use crypto often: * **Seed Vault (hardware wallet):** Your private keys are stored in a secure hardware element, so you can sign transactions safely. You approve them with your fingerprint just like Apple Pay. * **Seeker ID and Genesis Token:** Each phone comes with a unique on-chain identity (like yourname.skr) and a Genesis Token that gives perks across the Solana ecosystem. * **dApp Store 2.0:** A dedicated app store for Solana dApps, DeFi tools, NFT apps, and games. Developers don’t pay the same high fees as with Google Play or Apple’s store. * **TEEPIN and SKR token:** Extra trust and verification for hardware and software, plus a token that supports developers and user incentives. * **Hardware and price:** Lighter, brighter screen, better battery than the last Solana phone (Saga) and starts at about $450–500. Why not just use a normal Android? With Seeker, crypto isn’t an afterthought. It’s integrated into the phone itself so your wallet is always secure and you can use dApps without extra steps. If you aren’t using crypto much it’s just another mid-range Android, but if you are active in the Solana ecosystem it’s a much smoother and safer experience.

So far mine is useless because IT HASN’T FUCKING ARRIVED despite pre-ordering very early. WTF Solana?! You’re supposed to be the fast chain. Sigh.

In a nutshell, Hardware-wise: Seeker = Mid-range Android phone + Hardware wallet Software-wise: Seeker = Play Store (all Android apps) + Dapp Store (Solana-targeted apps) Ecosystem-wise: Seeker = Genesis NFT + .skr domain name + Airdrops + SKR governance token + TEEPIN network

Most everyone was better off just buying more SOL than getting the phone. I assume it was meant for users to transact in SOL with their phone but the idea was potentially way early for the adaptation needed to make this work. Crypto transaction in the real world are extremely rare and if it ever happens it won't be popular anytime soon.

It’s a solid move for retail, developers, to gain access to hardware related to crypto and web3, defi as well as a cross between marketing and stimulate adoption. This being the second physical handset, Solana mobile has already defied the odds of previous blockchains who failed at trying to sell the same tech to retail. Let’s go Solana!!!!!!

Should I pay the shipping with crypto or fiat?

Does it allow for use of regular Android supported apps? I see the vision, but I want complete access to both regular apps and web3. I am an avid clash of clans player and use apple music 24/7.

So I just got mine in the mail today, when I pre-ordered it my financial situation was a little different, I'm not going to starve or not be able to pay bills but it would be nice if I could sell it and put that $ back into savings. But if it's actually worthwhile $wise I'd also be happy to actually use it because my current phone is a real piece of crap anyway. What do you guys think?

They decided they didn't make enough money from the Saga so they decided to take a bunch of money from people preordering something who didn't even know what it was.

Is reading all about it on the official website too complicated for you?

Seeker Shipment Delayed It's been almost going to be a month since seeker shipment started but looks like no one from Dubai, India, Korea, Malaysia, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, US, Poland got their package. Why this delay ?

Can't wait till they announce seeker szn and I still don't have my phone

I just got the email for shipment yesterday, in the US.

Same here (Netherlands), don’t have an answer waiting for one too 🤷🏻‍♂️.

You can find additional information seekertracker.com but yeah it really isn't looking good. It can be only 2 things, 1. They don't have all the phones made and need to drag out the process. 2. They screwed up the shipping or maybe it's not even their fault but the fact they are being vague about it really isn't helping.

Pro version of Solana ETF tracker is available Hey everyone, As shared earlier on this thread, I’ve been working on a tool that tracks SEC filings for major Solana ETFs and pushes instant updates. Today I’m excited to share that the Pro version is now live Here’s what’s new: * Dashboard → real-time view of all major Solana spot ETF filings * Email + SMS alerts → instant notifications when new filings hit * Continuous monitoring → official SEC data is fetched every 30 seconds The goal is simple: help traders and the Solana community stay ahead of market-moving ETF news. Coming soon: tracking new ETFs, other cryptos, more filing analytics, and deeper insights. Happy to answer any questions or feedback 🙏 👉 [

Seeker's Seed Vault usecases I am wondering if I can use Seed Vault's safety to interact with a bitcoin network wallet or if it has other use cases like fido u2f that ledger has.. I hope it has or at least it is planned to be integrated, otherwise I will be a little dissapointed for such a price:(

Seedvault supports Solana.

Seed Vault is mainly built for signing and keeping seeds isolated, not yet a full FIDO/U2F device like Ledger. It works with supported wallets, but Bitcoin-native support is limited depending on the app integration. Right now its focus is safe key storage, not broad second-factor auth. If you want wider utility beyond BTC, look for projects layering RWA and cross-chain features. That’s why people keep an eye on WHITENET it’s aiming to make secure custody and direct asset use way more native than current vaults.

Solana not showing up in wallet, solscan says successful? Anyone had this happen? If so what did you do? Address is correct, solscan shows “successful” yet I haven’t recieved the sol in my NDAX wallet.

and did it show up by now? sometimes NDAX or other exchanges take a bit to reflect it even after solscan says successful. give it like 15-30 mins, maybe even a couple hours tops. if it’s still not there after that, hit up their support with your tx hash. most likely just a delay on their end.

They will soon learn :D

Hopefully they stay friends throughout the next bear market

Solana Holder Profit Percentage VS POL Holder Profit Percentage…

Great breakdown of the numbers and the story they’re telling! It’s fascinating to see roughly one-third of SOL holders in the black versus barely 1% for Polygon; truly highlights how Solana’s rebound and ecosystem momentum have translated into real gains for investors. Your analysis on price trends and sentiment really adds context, and those scam-prevention tips are a timely reminder for everyone to stay vigilant. I’d love to see a follow-up on how upcoming Solana-based DeFi launches or NFT drops might shift these figures even further. Meanwhile, thanks for sharing the resource links, always great to know where to go for reliable tooling and community support. Looking forward to more insights!

Any insights on institution vs retail?

Backpack is really the best Solana Wallet!

Jup wallet is the best solana wallet.

Backpack is legit—especially if you’re using the xNFT stuff and the Exchange tie-ins. That said, Phantom/Solflare still win for some folks on mobile polish, staking flows, and broad dApp compatibility, so “best” really depends on your stack. My must-haves are Ledger support, solid tx simulation, and granular fee controls—whichever nails those is my daily driver. What tipped it for you: xNFTs, multisig, or the exchange integration?

Who made this? Rabby isn't even a Solana wallet.

A lot of backpacking shills in this sub

Don't know where this picture comes from because Rabby Wallet outperforms Metamask.

Not even close lol.

I appreciate you sharing

IMO, it’s a jack of all trades, master of none.

If you like Backpack, check out r/Backpack_official for more updates and chats.

unless of course you are only using it on Solana - then pretty much all the others are better.

Have you tried jupMobile?🤫

Backpack is Just a Solana wallet that carries other chain and stuff, If you wan to enjoy a full solana wallet please use JUP ans Solflare. strictly Solana focused easyto use and secure

Solflare also support monad

GG (Good Guys) is the only option here. 30-60-90 day outlook. Hyper aggressive starting group. Major holders of “Top 10” core cryptos. Aiming to make a reserve / utility coin - first of its kind in the meme coin atmosphere. Pivoting from the “dark days” ideas of both NFTs and memecoins. We plan for dynamic change in the space. GG - Good guys on moonshot!

dont forget oisy.com, very practical if you switch between phone and pc as it is web based with webauthn login

Realistically and w/o risk what’s the highest APY i can get from staking? Advice please I was doing 7.65% native staking on phantom with a trusted validator but i’m curious if there’s any routes i could take to get anywhere near 10% i looked into liquid staking but i don’t see anywhere near that amount. Thank you in advance.

You either native stake, LST, lend, yield loop (multiply), or restake. Each has varying levels of risks.

Nothing is without risk

If you want close to zero risk, native staking on big chains usually caps around 4–8%. Hitting 10%+ safely isn’t realistic without extra risk. That’s why I like WHITENET’s setup more staking the gas token of a new RWA chain feels early but solid.

Looping by depositing JupSol and borrowing Sol and then buying more JupSol up until a 70% loan to value on Juplend has been yielding over 10% for me. It's safe as one gets validator wise I guess. Always risk to a breakdown of the validator I guess.

Yeah, there are lots of ways u can make well over 10% in defi. But it won't be just staking in a wallet.... if you knew a bit and wanted to explore it. (Knowing the risks) I'd probably have u lend it or swap it for an LST and then lend that out. Then, ither borrows a similar token and throws that into a pool with rewards on kamino or another..... or if the market is bullish and u think it's going to go up. Then I'd leverage the borrowed tokens in some kinda odd multiplier. U can get like 100% sometimes if it's going up. But if it goes down. We'll it goes down fast also. Can't be liquidated on kamino, for shit like a big old red wick down. Sorry for any spelling mistakes. It's 3am. I'm tired.

You can get 8.5% with the seeker validator (maybe only for seeker users), and around 9-10% with Lulo (USDC)

Come check us at Stronghold! Also can use Kamino multiply with strongsol. We deposit 20 strongSOL monthly for APY boost

If you want “risk-free,” native staking is about as good as it gets. Anything promising 10%+ usually carries smart contract or protocol risk. That’s why I like projects like $WHITE it’s early, tied to real-world assets, and could grow way beyond fixed APYs.

[Memecoins] YouTube Rug Pull Method Legit? I have recently scene an uptick in videos seemingly generated by AI promoting a very simple rug pull method that is essentially launching a coin to radium CPMM instead of pump fun or bonk. They always promote different websites but there are some reputable ones I know of. My main question is is this method actually realistically going to make money? I do not plan to execute this method as it would be stealing but for purposes of knowledge I ask this.

Man you humans really fucked up the crypto space.

all of the websites shown in the video are scam website you will lose your money.

Nah, those “methods” are just dressed-up scams. Even if it works once, it’s built on ripping people off, not lasting value. Safer to focus on real projects like WHITENET, where growth actually comes from use and not rugs

Also for the record I’m not asking about the websites I’m asking about whether you really can get 3X profit just by publishing a coin to radium and pumping 3 sol into liquidity

Yea it makes money for the people scamming you

legit rug pull method is funny. so you're not \*planning\* to rug people…. you're just, like, curious by the economics of theft? got it, the same way people say they’re on r/onlyfansadvice “for the articles” so for knowledge's sake: yes, someone makes money. it’s just never the person watching the video.

What a terrible fucking question

How do I transfer my usdt under my solana account into my PayPal account? I’m confused on how to do this everytime I go to send my usdt it acts like it’s not there someone please help

I’m using bitpay app

Seeing that USDT be under Solana as a token, all you would need to do is send it to the solana address that is on your paypal. Now, whether or not paypal has token support is another story. I would personally swap to solana and send the solana over to paypal.

There are two things you need to do before you can transfer money to PayPal. 1) You need some $SOL to pay gas fees. Luckily, you can do gasless swaps on Jupiter Exchange and swap a small bit of your USDT for SOL. Here is a Jupiter gasless swap tutorial: [ 2) PayPal will not accept USDT. You'll need to swap your USDT for PayPal's own stablecoin, $PYUSD. You can also do this on Jupiter swap. Once you've converted everything to PYUSD and have a small amount of SOL for gas fees, you'll be able to send it to your PayPal account.

You can simply sell it p2p, then get wired to your PayPal, we can do that if you want

I think its not working because they only accept ERC-20 USDt to paypal, not sol usdt

average solana seeker enjoyer...

Actually forgot I even ordered it lmao

same on a daily

Yep. I love Solana, and the Saga was nice but honestly I would have just skipped preordering if I knew this and just ordered after it started shipping.

There are a bit over 15k phones activated in 3 weeks.. unless they ramp up shipping it will take months. Here is a website you can track onboarding

I just stopped checking my email

I see a lot of projects come and go. $WHITE feels like one that’s actually here to stay. Check it out at whiterock.fi

Vibe coding in Solana - possible? Anyone tried making a full dapp in vibe coding? What kind of trouble have you got? And if you think this possible, why do you think like that?

You can vibe code anything with enough time, the code will be shit and you’ll be incapable of maintaining it because you don’t actually know anything about coding so ultimately it’s likely it’ll just stop working sooner rather than later but maybe it would be fun and that’s all that really matters

Solana’s Proprietary AMM Revolution

AMA - With Roger Wattenhofer, Head Of Research At "Anza", Starts August 27 At 6:00 PM UTC **Source:** [ >The Solana community governance process has begun for SIMD 326: Alpenglow 🌄 >Alpenglow is a new Solana consensus protocol that aims to bring transaction finality down to 100-150ms >Join [u/TheWattenhofer]( on August 27 at 6PM UTC on [r/solana]( for an AMA on all things Alpenglow **What is SIMD 326: Alpenglow ?** More info can be found here: [ [ # SIMD Vote Status - Live Tracking Of Voting For "Alpenglow" [ 👉 Please keep questions respectful and on-topic to ensure a valuable discussion for everyone. 👉 No trolling, spamming, or off-topic comments—this AMA is meant to be informative and professional.

if you need a brainrot explainer of alpenglow, i got you: [

It’s great to finally see such an important AMA in this sub instead of the usual random threads. I’m not a technical person, but everything I’ve been reading on X about this upgrade says it will make Solana significantly faster than it already is, which is pretty impressive. I’ll definitely be keeping a close eye on this AMA to follow the best questions and answers.

If (and that's of course a big *if*) there were a need to adopt a post-quantum signature scheme in the future, would Votor be compatible? And if no well-aggregatable scheme existed, could all-to-all voting still work with the certificate just being a naive list of all signatures (votes)?

Alpenglow's design eliminates on-chain vote transactions, aiming to reduce network congestion. How do you ensure that this doesn't compromise transparency or accountability in the consensus process?

So glad to finally have a valuable discussion or AMA in this sub about a major upgrade or change in Solana protocol. I came across this in the Solana forums: >**Alpenglow** is a major overhaul of Solana’s core consensus protocol, **replacing the existing Proof-of-History and TowerBFT mechanisms with a modern architecture** focused on performance, resilience, and whenever possible simplicity. & this one too >Alpenglow significantly reduces latency (from 12.8 seconds under TowerBFT to as low as 100-150 milliseconds) while also improving bandwidth efficiency With Votor and Alpenglow reducing latency to under 150ms and introducing direct vote-based finalization, how will this shift impact Solana’s consensus identity ? Will it still be characterized as a "PoH blockchain", or evolve into something new?

Honestly this would be nice, missed out on turbine research cohort i would have had deepdived into Aplenglow on sol now i got to listen to the AMA and understand everything about it. OPOS

Hi everybody, this is [ or u/AlpenglowAMA. Let's get this AMA started. The validator vote for Alpenglow also just started, the first few (well, quadrillion) votes have been cast already: [

It’s great to finally see a serious AMA about Solana. Glad to have you here **TheWattenhofer**. My question is straightforward: I keep hearing about the advantages of **Alpenglow**, but I rarely see anyone mention the potential risks or trade-offs that could arise if this SIMD passes. Do you share any of those concerns too?

Will Alpenglow affect transaction costs? I assume with so many transactions happening so fast transaction fees will increase?

What are some of the potential risks of Alpenglow if any vs. the risks of continuing with the current Solana consensus mechanism?

Hey Roger, I had a few questions after going through the Alpenglow whitepaper: 1. How does the leader handle shred distribution to relayers? Is each shred sent to a single relayer, or can the same shred be sent to multiple relayers? 2. Are relayers a specific subset of validator nodes, or can any node act as a relayer? 3. In the qkniep implementation, it looks like each shred is sent to one relayer, and that relayer then acts like a leader for that shred using the same function to pick a random validator\_Id without verification. Is this approach aligned with the whitepaper’s design, or will Alpenglow take a different direction in the future?

Regarding the VATs, would it be possible to make it dynamic? By dynamic, I mean distributed by stake size for validators. i.e small validators pay lesser VAT

The user initiated transactions in present Solana are maybe 1/3 or 1/4 of the 4000 transactions per second at present. Will that ratio change with Alpenglow? Who will likely write the actual thousand of lines of code and in what language, or is that to be determined.

Hello u/AlpenglowAMA I noticed that only 20.5% have voted "YES" so far. Is there a deadline for the vote? What happens if it ends with a "NO" for Alpenglow? Is there an alternative?

How soon can the switch to Alpenglow take place?

Is this finality and consensus speed increase going to be seen by faster finality for tranactions and faster changes to wallet balances for the end user making trades?

Nice to see a core developer from Anza here explaining the Alpenglow update in a way the average Joe in this sub can understand. I came across a tweet a couple of days ago saying that end users won’t notice a big difference in transaction speed or Finality since it depends on the RPCs' infrastructures after all, meaning if an RPC do not keep up with the update (bad hardware requirement), it’s as if nothing really changes for the end user. Is that true? I’m not a developer, but that’s how I understood it from the tweet. I wish I had the link so you could check it out yourself.

Just came across this announcement, not sure if it’s Reddit being funny or just my browser glitching. Either way, it’s great to finally see a technical discussion in this sub about "Alpenglow." Hey u/TheWattenhofer & welcome to this sub. My question is pretty simple, **what happens if the vote ends with a "NO"?** Will it be scrapped altogether, revised, or what exactly would the outcome be?

How do I identify 3rd party rug pulls, bot rug pulls. Hey everyone, I’ve just gotten into trading memecoins on axiom and I’ve gotten rugged a lot, I know how to watch out for rugs and I try buying coins without the developer holding anything but I still manage to get rugged? Any tips for that?

Majorly there are different ways to launch coin. You can either code and deploy, or you can launch on pumpfun , and final you can launch on Dex without need of Migration. 1 : Launch using Pumpfun. \- one can launch using pumpfun with ease and cheap. its costs only 0.2 sol for launch . well launching is easy the real pain starts when no one buys apart from couple of sniper bots and those bots will sell within seconds leaving your chart dry. SOLUTION - either you should do marketing for your coin launch, you must be able gather people to show interest and build hype for launch. or next option is to use bundler tool and volume tool which gives intial pump and chart push. Well from here if coin hits certain and market cap and finishes bonding curve it will be migrate to Dexscreener. 2 Dex Launch without Migration : \- well you can use third party launchers ( DYOR , lot of drainers ) , where you can launch directly onto dex , after creating coin on third party tool, you can add initial liquidity , the moment you add liquidity , a price will be set and coin can be started trading. Again you can use marketing for promotion or any other volume or bundler tools for initial price push and volume push.

As u lose more money, u will earn more money in the future. Because u will know what to do and what not to do. What advice or opinion you get from here, you will be trading against your emotions, and your personality plays a huge role in this learning curve.

Are you sure you’re talking about rugpulls and not sandwich attacks? If it’s rugpulls, then it really depends on the DEX. On many DEXes anyone can create their own pool, and often people buy some amount of tokens on a launchpad (for example), then quickly create their own pool on Pumpswap/Raydium/Meteora. Technically, these people are not the creators of the token, but they are the majority holders in the pool they created. Sooner or later, either due to bot/trading route mistakes or manual errors, someone will come to trade that pair by accident or not — and that’s when the rugpull happens by pool creators.

dev using nuundler

use rugcheck.xyz

Track insider wallets, be active, have net volume pulled up on your chart. Track the top holders and examine their wallets and where they where funded from. Remember everything is public on the blockchain, that’s what makes it so special. The grinders win, the norms lose.

Most rugs are sneaky dev wallets, hidden mint authority, or bots draining liquidity. Always check liquidity lock, contract renounce, and holders spread. That’s why I stick with real projects like $WHITE RWA-backed, not just hype.

Sol unstaking issue with trust wallet Went to unstake my sol and I get this screen. Any ideas? Does destination account mean my account or the one that has my staked sol? How is mine inactive? It shows my sol balance that is staked. Also I was not sending any sol just trying to unstake it. Any ideas are appreciated..

It's self explanatory: >"Destination account is inactive. Minimum amount to send: 0.00203928 SOL" You need a minimum amount of **"0.00203928 SOL"** for the transaction fee.

I stuck around through Solana’s worst days — what’s the one project right now that actually makes you feel bullish on crypto, not just SOL? I remember when txs were failing left and right. Memes about downtime, rugs everywhere, devs getting zero love. But even then, something about Solana kept me here; speed, vision, maybe just the sheer madness of it. Fast forward to now, and the noise is louder than ever. Everyone’s talking airdrops, followers, and vibes. But every once in a while, a project shows up that cuts through all that. No theatrics just pure innovation. It reminds you that this chain isn't just fast, it’s different. So I’m asking the OGs, the quiet lurkers, the devs, and the degens: What’s one project right now big or tiny that actually made you feel something again? Not financial advice. Not moon talk. Just the stuff that gives you that old-school “holy sh*t this might actually matter” feeling.

Helium Mobile is the one that gives me that “oh wow, real users” feeling—people getting a legit phone plan without even realizing there’s crypto under the hood. Pair it with Hivemapper and you’ve got a DePIN stack that feels inevitable: phones providing coverage, cars building maps, data settling on-chain. On the infra side, Pyth’s pull oracles + confidence intervals quietly power a ton of perps and make things feel instant without trust theater. As Firedancer matures, that combo makes me bullish on the whole space, not just SOL.

Prophetdotfun, saw it being shilled on Reddit recently. They're pre-TGE, going to try to snipe some if and when they launch a token.

I might get hate for this but I'm pretty pumped for HUNT, POWSCHE, and HEGE.

It all comes down to JUP & JUPSOL

$Hunt on sol is a great project. Innovative for a meme coin, they pay you 4x a day just to continue to hold a bag. The community on telegram is super active and friendly. They have games and competitions in it where you able and win additional Hunt. Also, they have burning features built in on the purchasing and selling of it as well.

Sling money is pretty cool (allows for 0% fees when sending money internationally ). Uses solana and stablecoins under the hood

Just wait, Solana has potential to reach at least 300 this year. And 500 next year when ETF stacking arrives. Some companies are around the corner to inject money into Solana

I've been around since 2012. I was buying Bitcoin to buy drugs on the original silk road. I was always buying BTC and using instantly because this thing is so volatile. The volatility of it made me think it wasn't a good store of value (and while I still do think that) I couldn't have foreseen the level of adoption but hey being first means something. In using BTC I was annoyed at the transaction costs and speeds especially being in Australia where we had free P2P banking already. I tried Sol and instant transactions low fees and scalability sold me. The only other project I am in is xmr there's two paths store of value or transactional demand. It has an insane transactional demand as it's the number one drug buying tool. It's not going away despite how much governments are.rrying to squash it. If it wasn't for the regulatory pressure I think it's price would be over 1k now but still I expect it to significantly outpace inflation and I'm accumulating all the time.

Guac. The name is unfortunate but the ecosystem and what the dev builds is actually solid af. You can even get gift cards using Sol. It's been around since the bear, I like May of 2022 or 2023 can't remember I'm getting too old.

You would probably want to invest in EFT. Pays dividends hourly based off volume. Lately been getting paid 2-4x a day avg past week around $38. It pays in wrapped eth so you can reinvest or cash out. Up to you. We also have real businesses feeding volume into it. Yeah sounds to good to be true but, DYOR. ETHFAN TOKEN ECOSYSTEM. Been around about 4 years and still growing. Lots of AMA’s on X and great community. We are not a meme.

I’m a classic man. I lend SOL on DefiTuna and DLMM tokens on Meteora. Also multiplying JLP on Kamino, but will transition to multiplying on Jupiter directly when available.

Even though its our competitor. Eth has really surpassed my expectations. To see the 2nd largest coin rally that much is crazy.

For me, that project is White Network. WHITENET as the gas token feels like SOL’s early days, but with RWA backing and instant finality. It’s one of the few things that actually feels like it matters long-term

Latina language Model $LLM got in real early thank fucking god

I got SUI for 0.53 and other than other projects...this was the one that was the kicker for me... The Sui game console, the [SuiPlay0X1]( was announced in 2024 and released for pre-orders, with a planned shipping date in 2025. It features native web3 integration with the Sui blockchain, allowing access to both web2 and web3 games, and aims to be a direct competitor to the [Steam Deck]( As of September 2025, pre-orders are active, and the first units are beginning to ship to customers who pre-ordered.

Not a fan of anything other than BTC, but I'd say hyper

Hank the autistic chimp

Spx6900 by far it’s a clear winner have a look

The replacement of the SWIFT banking system.

Idk. But bitch u made me cry

SUI, the team, and the tech.

Hbar has me more excited about its future than Solana. Solana was my favorite. Now its hbar.

My current project was brought about when Solana appeared on the horizon. Those TPS' really did a number on my head. And here I am, almost ready to launch. Although I can't for the life of me figure out how to launch a coin to generate cash in a positive way. So I am including Solana in a future iteration of the system. BTW, if anyone has any suggestions, I'd love to hear them. What can I offer buyers, )other than "Look at this shiny new coin!", that will be beneficial to all and allow me to gather more startup funds, without looking like an investment? Wouldn't be surprised if there is no answer to that question.

SOL & HYPE is all that matters with SUI as a hedge (Beware of SUI's distribution). That's it. Everything else is either permissioned, can't scale, pure garage, a trash dangerous L2 or not enough multiples better than Solana to matter. Most just garbage no one uses. Ethereum will likely one day scale and take back its users & revenue from L2s. Cross that bridge when we get there. Not any time soon and clock is ticking. Radix had a possibility of correctly using sharding to infinitely scale, but the founder died. Great guy. Always kind and was willing to chat about the industry or scaling tech. Literally worked himself to death. Hopefully his achievements will be copied, but the tech was still early stages. *Edit - If curious why Radix was exciting:* *A decentralized low latency sharded network that had full atomic composability while running on laptop grade hardware. The more nodes (active participants), the more it scaled. Testing was showing a half a million SWAPS per second, with low node count, on consumer grade hardware. Amazing. Equivalent to over 1M TPS on Solana, but running on laptops and TPS limits only increase with more users. We still needed to see how well it held under real usage. Now likely DOA. Especially if it ships with major issues requiring the founder to fix. Things this different don't come often. Shame.*

didnt know chatGPT floated around the solana subreddit.

$Hege is the ultimate community coin!

FlashTrade

Jito will lead Sol staking ETFs & treasury companies

Tgmetrics is a value proposition like no other on SOL. Currently in closed alpha and launching the updated dashboard very soon it is an infofi project that perhaps will be better than Cookie. Consider cookie at 80m MC and Tgmetrics at only 400k. It has over 2000 projects listed and tracked and I hear that it is also completing its own type of YAP growth engine like Kaito. One to check out before it becomes established.

Ill be safe SUI. Moonshot, Electroneum!!!

ZBCN/Spark on ETH

Sol strategies is where it’s at $hodl $cyfrd and soon $stke on nasdaq

Problème de chargement du seeker Je suis le seul a qui ça arrive? Les deux premiers jours je chargé mon seeker a 100% en 1h max et maintenant il me faut 2 jours alors que je n'ai pas changer de chargeur ni de câble entre temps ?

Aucun problème de recharge ici. Je suggérerais d'essayer un autre chargeur. Sinon, enregistrez un ticket d'assistance via leur site Web ou visitez leur discord et suivez le lien d'assistance.

What happens if you exceed the seeker ID transfer limit? I was playing around with my seeker phone, deleting addresses, adding new ones just trying to get to know the seeker better. That's what I tend to do with new hardware and software. Then after deleting the old seed from the vault I generated a new one (for the 5th time) but my seeker ID needed to be transferred to the new seed. At which point I got message "You've exceeded the ID transfer limit". Did not know there was a limit because there wasn't any prior indication of a limit. Anyone know what happens now with my seeker ID?

I guess you contact support about it? Haven’t got my to share this experience yet

lol the hell kind of feature is that?

You use OTC desk

I'd feel bad, but Jan 2024 order and haven't even received a shipping notification.

Did you mint your genesis token as well? And hope you kept the seed for that wallet written down if you did. Seedvault can manage multiple seedphrases so not sure why you needed to keep deleting and readding new seeds or transferring your seeker id. But if you minted the genesis token it is soul bound to that wallet and cannot be retrieved or moved to another wallet so if u did not keep it, you just lost access to that nft.

$WHITENET gives me confidence because it’s not just price action that excites me. It’s the fundamentals and community conviction. Check it out at whiterock.fi

Solana seeker. Compromised Hello all. The wallet I ordered my seeker from was compromised, well that’s what I thought when all funds seemed to get drained, so I deleted that Solflare account. On getting my seeker one year later, I noticed no airdrops. I downloaded the app Solstis and noticed there was a wallet being watched on it, and it has 8k airdrops and seemed to be staking Sol like I did with my account. Do you think all my money was moved or what is this? There are no airdrops on my phone, and when I tried to sign into Solflare using the seeker tag. It doesn’t let me. Any help much appreciated

When your phone arrived, if you set up a new seedphrase then you are fine. The wallet you gave at order is irrelevant, it was just used to issue you the preorder token. (But you have the phone now with the actual gensis token) You claim your seeker genesis token to the wallet you create when you set up the phone. If you chose to set your new phone up using a compromised wallet then you have just set yourself up for trouble. The phone does not come with airdrops on it.

It’s be a great if my Seeker would arrive. Anyone else waiting (in the US)?

This title gave me a mini heart attack

Your seed is your wallet. If your old seed has shit on it, you'l need to import it to access that again. Nothing to do with seeker that is a brand new seed unless you choose to use an old one. If you remember what your deposit addresses were then check them on solscan for balances of use Jupiter Portfolio

Sounds like your original wallet might’ve been compromised and someone else has been farming those airdrops under your address. Sadly, once access is gone, it’s almost impossible to recover. On a brighter note, I’ve been keeping an eye on projects outside Solana too $WHITE from WhiteRock is solid, focused on RWA tokenization and has held up better than most alts lately.

Are we getting any new airdrops or other benefits with the seeker you guys think?

Received last week in France, pre-ordered about 8 months ago. No Airdrop for me at the moment.

Also I orderd just before the seeker was announced. And not one airdrop nothing

Is there a way to add video to show

Email from supposed Solana Mobile support I woke up to this email from supposed Solana Mobile support, probably because they’re shipping out soon. However, it’s asking for my phone number, and I thought the only piece of information they needed was my shipping address. Is this some sort of scam, or is this a legit email, and did anyone else get this?

Dawg it's a scam. you don't get this freaked out easily do you? Who asks for just a phone number

Post this in discord

Yo i got this same email, same person, from support@solanamobile.com. Seems legit? I responded without my phone #, never heard back. My phone number was indeed incorrect. So idk what to do now.. havent received anything yet..

I don’t think it’s a scam. I ship international FedEx daily from China and a phone number is required on all shipments. If the actual email reply goes to solanamobile.com you should be fine.

Got one... haven't looked into it yet.

Any way i can resolve this? I usually get payments from my clients thru SOL, and someone sent me SOL but i was worried why didn’t i receive it in my app (Gcash) an e wallet where i can receive crypto, turns out the app changed my address without any prior notice or any warnings. Any way i can resolve this? I usually use that address and I don’t why it was changed 😭

You would have to take it up with gCash but even then it just depends how willing they are to investigate or help. Anyone in dms or saying they can trace and reverse the transaction is just trying to scam you. Stay safe, good luck

It should still wind up in your wallet at some point. Have you checked SOL's public ledgers? Every address you have/are used(using) is tied to your wallet.

That's why I don't use that stoopid app for anything related to crypto hahahahhahaha.

Hello, who uses jito to prioritize these transactions jito

JUST USE JUPITER(JUJ)🪐🔥🤝

How do I send my memes to Phantom Sorry for the dumb question I’m new to this I’m trying send my coins from Axiom to Phantom but they are on the spot wallet and there’s no option to send or withdrawal

That depends. Do you happen to know if that Axiom is a token or a coin and is that Axiom a blockain coin or is it a token under a blockchain?

Dm me I had the same problem, I can help you out

Looking for a dex to trade cryptocurrencies on the Solana network like on Hyperliquid? Hello, I recently joined the Solana network and bought some coins like USELESS. I'd like to know if there's a DEX I can use to trade this and other coins, like on Hyperliquid (I searched on Hype and didn't find any of these cryptos to trade). Is there only a CEX option for this type of need on the Solana network?

Jupiter. If you’re looking for perpetuals, Jupiter has the majors, Drift, Bulk is in alpha, and Backpack is an all in one with wallet.

I tried all wallets, but Solflare is the god speed for me for trading

[jup.ag]( for SOL,ETH,BTC Drift for everything else. You will be getting around 8% on your USDC deposited into Drift which cannot be ignored.

I use Drift to trade perpetual futures on Solana. I prefer Drift because you can use tokens other than stablecoins as collateral and have many more tokens to perp than on Jupiter. Here is a link: [

I use flash trade. Super fast and if you are a degen there is up to 500x leverage 😄

I believe you are stuck with Hyperliquid DEX (which is a great product btw) for Perps trading asset like the USELESS coin and other Memecoins

jupiter, backpack, drift i prefer jup, though i think backpack has more pairs

DO SUCH PEOPLE EVER GET CAUGHT? Found this interesting story on X , by zachxbt, but I was wondering if such people ever get caught. And, how does this affect the crypto currency market in general. Full story here: Surprisingly , his X , telegram, wechat accounts are still active. Is law enforcement just lazy about things like this , or they are too complicated to get to? Zachxbt said:While Yicong Wang has been banned from Paxful and Noones on multiple accounts (Seawang/Greatdtrader/BestRhea977) for laundering funds he has since moved to conducting business offsite. It's apparent from on-chain he has still been actively helping Lazarus Group within the past couple weeks. Hopefully at some point in the future Yicong Wang will be held accountable for his actions.

Lol he will likely never be held accountable for this Chinese LE don’t gaf

The person who helped launder will probably suffer some legal repercussions. The Lazarus group is probably the most sophisticated hacking group in the world with incredible OpSec. It's theorized they operate under the North Korean Government and the money is most likely going to them.

Try to report that here I guess:

Nope hardly ever. It depends on whether your a traditiobal trader or crypto bro on if it matters. Crypto bro don't gaf, only normies that are coming in now do. Touch grass, you'll see how it works around these parts

oh sweet summer child if you think that crypto is anything but scammers, thieves and peopme out there to take your money you‘re in for a ride

Rule number 1 in life:- never trust a Chinese

Most of the time no, especially with crypto, once the money is out your wallet; it’s gone forever. And these guys are so high level , they ALWAYS have a plan to mix, wash, clean or do something to make that money accessible to them IRL

JUPITER LEND ALPHA UPDATE

Thoughts on Neon EVM? Anyone still holding it? Does anyone still have it 🤣 any thoughts about its growth in this season? It dropped pretty heavily since dec 2024 but seems to be picking up again…?

I’m in. But it dropped pretty good, I’m hoping it picks back up.

Of course they manipulate, all cex do. It should be illegal.

I mean with all of the transactions with wintermute right there, it’d be easy to line up some pump and dump timings for liquidity hunts. Sadly thats just the game CEX’s play with leveraged traders

Is Bags.FM not letting people withdraw their money? Has anyone been able to get their funds out of Bags.FM? I tweeted at them, DM'd them and tried to use their chatbot but there was nobody online. Does anyone have an email address for their support? We need to withdraw a few thousand from them and need this to be fixed asap.

\> Bags is **not an exchange** and does not provide financial advice, endorsements, or investment recommendations. Crypto trading involves risks and is for entertainment purposes only. looks like you got scammed, only used trusted sites like Kraken or robinhood. Consider looking into r/cryptoscams to avoid getting scammed in the future if someone dms you saying "We can get your funds back just pay a small fee" DONT TRUST THEM. theyre going to scam you out of more money. Its impossible to get your funds back, even getting a single penny is like trying to pay your taxes.

Bags is cool, I launched a bunch of tokens there, bonded one, and I could always claim the fees. Keep trying I guess, or maybe the problem is on your end, idk

Bags is working just fine for me, i'm withdrawing, i think there is more to the story here

Problem could be on your end. Try changing your rpc. Try using a different Solana wallet with the same seed, like try both Phantom and Solflare. Also try waiting a day or two to see if something gets fixed on their end.

Bags took 1 SOL of mine in the really early days. All I could do was look at a webpage and invite more people to "join". I find out (much later) that it's a iPhone-only app (I'm Android)...so I feel pretty screwed.

Never heard, sounds sketchy.

UPDATE: After a number of weeks we finally figured it out! You need to actually send [Bags.FM]( about $25 worth of Solana for it to work. Yes, that is stupid considering most transactions on Solana cost pennies. But that is their stupid backwards system. That they don't even properly tell people about either. We were finally able to get our money out. I hope you all get your money out as well!

Finn and bags is a scam.

Also are there any other sites that allow you to make a token and get 1% of the trading fees sent to a X account? Would love to see if there are any competitors we could use.

If we start with 1,000 by 2030 what do you arrive at for eoy price target? 300 in reach?

Based on a compounding staking reward of 6% APR over five years, 1000 $SOL would be 1339 $SOL in 5 years. It all depends on the price of $SOL in 5 years obviously as to how much they're worth in 2030 - for example: At $10/$SOL, you have $13,390 At $100 you have $133,900 At $1000 you have $1,339,000 and so on Obviously, less any tax implication My crystal ball only works on today's prices and therefore, this is basic arithmetic and not financial advice

This is one of the most opaquely confusing questions I’ve seen asked on this subreddit. Just say “what’s your price target for end of 2025.” But keep in mind, the market moves in cycles and this cycle is either near completion or broken, so pretty tough to say what the price is on Dec 31st.

These post are so fucking cringe. Dude no one knows either you hold or you sell but needing people to hold your hand is cringe af.

If you’re starting with 1,000 by 2030 and eyeing a 300 EOY target, that’s basically a 30% climb within the year. Not out of reach at all, especially if the project has momentum or strong catalysts lined up. Markets can swing harder than that in either direction, so while ambitious, 300 is definitely in play if conditions line up.

Wtf. It's going 700 at least

Buy OR Don’t buy, up to you, after all it’s your money to be had or lost.

What kind of question is that?

If we hit 300 earlier, it’s still a realistic step toward 1000 by 2030. Going from 300 to 1000 in about 5 years would mean roughly ~26% growth per year. Not unrealistic if the ecosystem keeps expanding and fresh capital flows in. So yeah, 300 could definitely be in reach—it’s more about when we get there.

If we start at 1,000 today, hitting 300 by 2030 doesn’t feel impossible, especially with steady adoption. But honestly, WHITENET looks way more exciting long-term since it powers the White Network and is directly tied to RWA growth.

Noticed $WHITENET presale is running with early bonuses. Could be one of those sleeper infra plays.

Every big project started small with a core community. That’s what $WHITE reminds me of right now bro!

Daily active users. Your thoughts? It seems the memcoin meta is slowly duying. I think the last growth will happen during the euphoria stage of the alt season. What do you guys think?

Bots have calmed down it seems

In 2020, ETH crushed it with 400,000 Daily Active Users. Aug 8, 2025 ETH has 400,000 Daily Active Users. To compare, SOL had 30,000 Daily Active Users in 2020. Today SOL has 5,000,000 Daily Active Users. One chain has not grown. The other has gone up 170x. ETH fees also reflect this... It is just DATA

Honestly this isn’t dead to me. Right now there is more activity then there was at the beginning and the only reason it looks dead is the huge spikes during peak memecoin season.

Massive launches like Trump, Libra and other celebrity garbage tokens. Good stress test and was clear the only network people were interested trading on was Solana. Solana and its ecosystem remains the most popular and best place for traders and asset owners, in web3. Very possible the next wave of speculation hits private securities like OpenAI, Discord, Anthropic, Discord, etc, which can only be traded on Solana as of now. You can literally swap for them, as a token, right on Jupiter. Even when they inevitably are issued on l2s Solana will still be the best place to trade them. L2s suck and they are dangerous. We only just started issuing quality after 4 years of attacking crypto. Give traders and the market time to adjust. Much more still needs to be tokenized. Can't come overnight. Everything gets tokenized. Everything gets tokenized and traded on Solana. Thesis remains unchallenged until Ethereum scales, but Hyperliquid seems likely to take perps.

Now compare it to the other chains lol

Trump coin nothing more nothing less.

I think it looks like the chart they all probably traded

This data isn’t up to date.

bear trend

Big token goes up and people trade meme less these days, that's all.

Where did you make this graph?

Agree with your conclusion. But there will be a new meta coming. We just don’t know what it is yet.

From Blast to Base — the crowd came, farmed, and faded.

Thoughts: get out now

That’s going to seem like a tiny spec when the main adoption curve kicks in

fwiw, it was always just bots and scams propped up by undisclosed "community reserve" wallets

The Litecoin meta is constantly growing... Just for the info

SUI is making its way. That's what's happening

some moving to icp maybe?

it's a technical dead end and a scam

It might have more activity if we actually got our phones shipped to us here in the US....

Just move to eth, sol is over

$WHITENET is under the radar rn but once White Network goes mainnet, gas demand could get interesting

Sol is garbage move to sui

Remember the SOL to $1000 crew lol

How Digital Signatures Use PKI to Secure Online Trust Digital signatures, powered by Identity Certificates Public Key Infrastructure (ID-PKI), can verify who’s behind an email or website, making scams like phishing much harder. Here’s the gist: a private key signs a message, and a public key verifies it, tied to a trusted identity. Unlike encryption tools, PKI’s main job is authenticity—proving the sender is legit without exposing their data. But PKI’s not everywhere. Some say it’s too complex; others note that weak identity checks undermine it. For example, certificates need rigorous enrollment to be trustworthy, but that’s often skipped. What’s your take on why PKI isn’t standard yet? Is it the tech, the setup, or something else? Anyone using digital signatures for secure email or crypto apps? How can we make PKI simpler for everyday use? I know PKI implies centralised authority, and that's likely to raise some eyebrows here, but as the decentralisation advocate Laurence Laundy Bryan notes, "There is no such thing as centralised governance", and we need governance to have a common attestation of identity reliability.

